You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for children -- more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist as a science.
I can look like a artist, or with a board, and I have no no one has choose a architecture.
I'm here to talk to you about crowds and education.
And you know that a building is basically something that happened in some place.
You just have to go back to the morning to see it as a building.
That's the piece of a crowd.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bangladesh.
This is the kind of complicated curiosity of which I'm going to talk to you.
My culture.
And when you go back to the sea every week in the base of the kids, until a teacher was saving me life.
She saved my life as I would let me go into the bottom of the programmers.
And I did it in secret secret.
For three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a public -- and he was 17 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a love -- and in the years, I felt the need to start working in organizations that they were born against DNA.
About three or four years ago, I got a phone called the state of that show -- the name that he said, "I need to see it.
I'm discovered that we have never got to meet them.
You could come to Oh, and please bring that man that I know you've ever found you.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to get up with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Clarker.
We were going to see us, we go on, and we said, and we realized that she needed to be hot that she needed to be.
We found a place, and we put it up, and we took it out of their family.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an audience came to me, it became a career box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the culture had been continued, he had become a curiosity -- and that building that I talked to you about it is in itself.
The building is that death is part of life.
She looked at my life, my dad and I looked at it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs true and beauty -- and I'm very happy that there was a lot of this.
It also needs -- it needs distribution, love and plant. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist is very important to me.
And through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not sitting from nature and everything is interested in.
I went for the first time to be about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first shows.
I was a supercomputer.
My heart reaction -- I was searching, trying to understand what I was front of me.
And I put them up to my around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was a little bit of never about a little bit of next year after year.
The supports are born when you get out of the glass or they get up the signals of ice and they get out of the ice.
Each disconnect has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to get up and go up to the end, while others can't be able to put it more and make it in a distribution of a medical past.
It's easy to think about it, as you see a shower, which are sitting sitting and alone.
But the reality is all about it.
As you get a paradigm, I am looking at his anti-active atmosphere as well.
As you get a little bit of a linear water water water in microbes that feed many forms of life.
I got to photograph these shows as if it was going to bring out of my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and not come back to that way.
It's not the death when they deliver -- it's not a end, but a conversation of his way for the city of life.
And part of the ice ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years old.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 thousand years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a show that photograph in Kenya, Green.
It's a little bit happy to get to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to show you a whole correct.
Here you go.
You can look at the left one little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the shoes and their flower line and his flower.
You can see here, it starts to cut up, the boat has moved up to the other side and the man is there.
This is a complete statement of Greenland size.
It comes out of the water.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the shower shows a different side.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two dollars in 1993, the same day, exactly in the same time, every one by putting a baby.
So, two dollars every single one.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of conservation, because if you stop thinking about the trust in yes, I'm not going to pay attention.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the common and the hope of the hope is going to the X-ray of the value.
And in the other case, the X-ray crisis of the hope is going to the X-ray crisis of the value.
And both of them are going to be able to get the life.
Let's go back to them later.
In my activity.
In one of my rocks, I work with the story of the atmosphere.
I am a story for a form and what I study in this case is the way people open the atmosphere -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how they have been able to make the body forests, the idea of the body. What have you thought about the body.
The other role that I believe in my work is the activity, as a matter of patients or as I say sometimes a matter of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical factors affect social forces.
I have been working on, for example, with example, two people within a same body.
I have worked with people with an environment, and people much better than the media.
And I have worked with many cases of people with sex sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't find in the male and mental females.
In general lines -- we can take it interesting.
And the intelligence is a lot of ways.
So I'm going to put some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't focus on the mental common forms or failure.
So for example, it's the case of the individual in the 1990s -- which is a George George -- and he says to the protections, that we all have in the financial life, which is going to be transported.
And then in the financial life, the teachers produce teachers.
But given that this individual comes out of a shoes of shoes, the body doesn't reaction to the same.
It is the subject of interaction to the normal substances.
So, there are high levels of terrorism but no reaction
As a conservation, the body is being developed by a completely fantastic course of it.
When I was born -- the baby has a little bit.
It's a little girl -- it's created as a child.
And often it is not to the purpose, when it is growing and develop the series, but it doesn't have the mental period when someone is going on.
And then you can actually make them realize that instead of having advances and temperature -- actually has textbooks and a common character.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like this.
Women like men, we have in the body something called superconductors astronomical.
They're at the top of the body.
The superconductors are going to be able to produce normal, the hormone of male.
Most women like me -- I consider a close woman -- I don't know their climate structure -- I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the normals.
We produce neuroscience and we respond to the northerns.
As a conservation, someone like me has the most exciting brain to the suggest that the woman who was born with teachers that have the sea sea to the neurons.
And so the sex is something complicated -- it's not that scientists are in the middle of the space, in a way, can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a call from a 12 years ago was born and created as you -- I had note, and I had sex relationships with it, I had a life like a man and I had just discovered that I had a little bit of and I was able to find out I had advances and there.
I had an extreme form of a disease known as a self-organizing superconductor supply.
I had a couple of 2010 and in the temperature of the words were so active that it was so active that at the end, they created a moral environment.
As a conservation, their genes were marketing -- his brain was except to the completely magic horrible company.
I was born with a child -- no one happened anything.
And it went at the age of 18 years when I started to have medical problems that are being produced by the inner memory, when the doctors found that, in fact, it was a woman in it.
Well, another example of a quick case of a career.
Some people who are going to be able to develop what you know as a little bit of the boards, that is to say, they have a public leadership in the terrorist temperature.
We don't know why that happens that.
So, there's a lot of sex variety there.
The reason that kids with this kind of body -- they are single guys, and they are silent, and they are going to be used to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In a lot of cases people are perfectly hand.
The reason why you get up to a number of surgery.
The system is based on the idea that a particular approach is going to bring up a particular idea.
We have the idea that it's going to be a woman is to have a fantastic identity -- but it will be black to say to have Africa in human terms in terms of history.
And a huge idea.
And when you put us a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with carbon control.
So we have very remote ideas in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very remote industry.
Imagine the amazing thing that is having kids who are born like two people within a same body.
The most limited case is the last year with the South Africa Carolina, and he put up in the state of his sex in the international Georges of Bernard.
A lot of particles called to ask to ask them, "What are they going to be going to do to determine if March Sellon is man or women?
And I had to explain to the particles that don't exist.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to learn that nature doesn't take a line between men and women or women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more of the science is the more of the science -- more we have to learn that these cars -- that we thought they were carbon carbon cars that are running directly with the things that are a lot more difficult than we think about.
And not only in terms of sex.
And also in terms of a region, something that turns out much more complicated than the technology allows the environment.
As we see, we are going to get in a street terror.
Let's look at it, for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of DNA with the chimpanzees.
What are we going to get out of the fact that we are going to be able to do in just a few numbers?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in a single area in which we have to recognize that the similar cameras that we have is probably too similar.
And we're looking at this in all of the human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States in the United States in the United States and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment in which a body becomes human and has different rights to the figures.
There are a lot of things in the day -- maybe not in public -- but I know in the medicine.
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead.
And as a lot of people put it up in front of the night and if you move it still you didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But we can, for example, to be able to be able to take a body of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to focus on the direction of the decision really the death of somebody -- and this tells us in a hard situation where we don't have simple cameras in the past.
And maybe you think that this experience of careers could take someone like me.
And I am in politics -- I'm going to do with the people with the unique body, but I have to learn that I get nervous for me.
I will be able to be able to be a lot more excited than we thought about what we think about.
You get from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this temperature first I have to learn that I am a flow of the Parkinson's parents of the Forces.
I know that they were reducing -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so valued and analog and so rich in what they did -- that I find every so much by looking at that music called "The 1970s.
This is why I was going on in 1888 with the Facebook parents with the Forces.
The Facebook parents were for me, the first activities of the atmosphere.
And what they did was that they were an American concept and they would do it with another thing that was radical and beautiful and it was kept for 200 years.
And as all of you remember what our parents were going to do was the idea of money. The man was based on a very simple concept of the atmosphere.
The old models of the old world don't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of the rest of the nation.
They had the blue blood concept of it.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the rest of the blood of the galaxy to the father and then the child, etc.
The Facebook parents came up with that idea and recording it for a new American concept and that concept was that all men are created as well.
They came up with the game field and they decided that the atmosphere that matters was the atmosphere in common and not the advanced differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part of them they were doing it because they were part of a system of a system in which they were taking two things.
It was making democracy and at the same time.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the story of the Forces Fortune, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from the natural experts and they were represented by the concept of power power that is going to go from an idea of an idea of business.
They were moving up to a natural concept of it.
And if we look at it, for example, the University of India, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And in consciousness they were taking us the idea of the adult conservation.
And when you do that, they were sitting the basis of the future of the civil rights of the civil rights in the world.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
And then I came the success of the city of the civil rights with people in the Carolina Carolina, which said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the flowers of the civil rights movement saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color that I was able to do is to the animal distribution about the yellow difference and again, they were transported.
We see the same with the Movement of Democrat.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start to ask us why we have certain distributions.
But attention -- I want to keep a few of you in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same right.
I don't want to say that we should be able to be able to be able to be able to be addressed.
I don't want to say that the age of five years would allow them to have sexual relationships or carrying.
And there are a few of you who are advanced by me to me, and that I think we should be able to keep it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of us who are going to move in the middle of 1993, exactly the same day.
So let's imagine one of them, Mars was born three months before time.
Health, by the center -- was born in terms, was born by one percent of 1980.
And by the only fact that I had been born three months before Mars is taken up all the right three months before he was at the right, the right, the right to the right, the right to the right, the right.
He has to wait for all of that not because you have a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We find other areas in relationship to their right.
Hey, in the end of being a man who is constantly considered -- I don't tell you if it's 18, in the end of being a man now is possible now is possible of the flower that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
It doesn't have the same right.
Hey can be done in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can be able to be a woman just in some states in a few states in some state.
And so you still think of the adult cars that in various aspects are problems and responsibility.
And now the question is, what do we do now that the science is so much in the field of the atmosphere.
I don't want to get to science -- but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is going on.
Where do we go.
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of professional activity -- "Well, we have to bring the line in some part of it, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going on in a short position of it.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to get a man -- you don't have to have the commodity and that to be able to get a woman you have to have a woman and you have to have a woman who has to have a common character.
Now, in the practice they don't make the completely completely electricity people.
But this is also very strange to the story that I told you at the beginning of the surface of interaction to the neurons.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars King, in his discovery, and you have a solution.
It says that we should play people not in the color of their skin -- but in the content of their career, getting beyond the atmosphere.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice how do you do?
How do you play people in the bottom of the control of their career?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to play right to people, because I have to add that I know that I know that I know that they probably grow more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to tell you that maybe some words that I know can take more definitions and international decisions and materials about their sexual relationships that people who know it.
So how do we put it in practice the issue of the control of the corresponding content."
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is question what happens if the heart of a person could be able to be measure with an instrument -- maybe with a massive revolution.
We want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to keep this kind of thinking in relationship to the issue of democracy.
We have done a good work in terms of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like the ones that a man who feels brought up by other men is accessible to be associated, unless it's willing to stay to a sex change, in which case is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like the surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made to give him to a simplicity grandmother in the way to get them up and so on.
But when the phone was asked by the model of the object -- it was a very really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really well-being thing.
And what I said, "Well, it has considered the political water instead of the care self-interest.
The United States has huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to be able to change for the good.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents I've been talking about.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be democracy or as it might have been a little bit bigger to the Montess.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a fantastic, and that is that I think there may be different ideas of different advances of different advances, in particular if there are people thinking of group.
For years ago, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in research.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and put in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women in average -- not all of us, but at the way, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social social relationships and to get out of those who are volunteers inside of the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the position, one of my students who knew that I was interested in the family -- I was considered freedom, like now, made me a strange plant -- he made me a strange plant in it.
"I want to tell you what the factors are financially.
And I thought, "It's the most recent question I've heard of.
You have to have to do with the strangers of gender strangers, so there's nothing fascinating in the flowers.
But how much more I've thought about his question, more has a little bit that there is something fascinating in the flowers.
I mean, that there might be something -- in average -- something different between the female brain and the music that makes us more attention to complex social social relationships and willing to help the most value.
So if the parents were very attention to find the way to protect people on the state of the state -- it's possible that, of having even more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have been able to have the concept of protect with the presentation of access.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the analogy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity -- and think more in the relationships and thinking more in the relationships and thinking more in the relationships and to think more in the relationships and to think more in the relationships and to think more in the relationships of
So while we try to create a more perfect one, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided that we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think about where you want to go to live and work -- it has the possibility to choose between at least a distance of different cities that are being able to bring back to new researchers.
Well, at this moment we are far away from that goal.
There are thousands of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're going to be a lot more than their building cost of it.
So we could easily bring it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you have never thought about new cities.
But they're just going to go back by breasts of approaches.
Imagine that half the ones who want to live in approaches already were proposing and the other half you still have to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make approaches in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing building.
But you know that the problem that you find is that those buildings and the areas that they have to do is order to avoid the motors and the conditions of the construction of building them.
So it would be very hard to do all those applications.
But they could go to a completely new place to build a completely new building, always and when the news of that place is going to be able to put it up.
So I put the governments to create new areas of very big enough, so that we can get cities and gave them a name -- and I gave them a name.
And later I found out that more or less at least at the same time, David and Obama were thinking about the challenge of recording Homes.
They knew that every year about 75 hours would come out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask them what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to go and make those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of 2008, I went out by a construction crisis crisis in the middle of a depression.
And in the next few years, Pennsylvania Lank was put directly with a platform in which we are going up and at the same religious time.
And he asked him to Obse that it was his garden garden.
And while I was worried to me to give a talk in Spanish.
And through a process of perspective, I think, and a great amount of evidence with users -- trying to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules -- like those rules that say you can't go and move all the way all the way out of the applications.
We pay a lot of attention to new technology, but you need so much of technology as we need to play -- and they are usually the rules that are going to move on.
In the middle of 2010, a friend of London sent him to Obama a shark with TED.
He showed him to Japan.
They called me.
They said to me, let's try this to the leaders of our country.
And so in design we got in Michael, in a room of a horse.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are, much more valuable than their modern cost than their own.
And I used this image that shows the value of the temperatures in a place like New York Times -- they stay that, in some cases, they are worth thousands of dollars per second.
But it was a pretty open approach and at some point, when there was a page, Obama said, "Please, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where you start with the stage terrorists, a state that species the rules that are going to apply there and an object so that people can choose if you want to go or not live under those news.
So the president of Hollywood called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important -- this could be the way for our country.
And I asked me to go back to Time and talk about the four and five of it.
So I put another talk full of data, which I including a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Democratic and the white line is the new guess that was built in Center.
Just this car costs over 100 kilometers a hour of 100 kilometers
So I was trying to convince the ants that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that lives for the less than a thousand miles long.
That's more than 100 percent.
The whole world.
The public face were very serious and attention.
The leader of the conversation went up to the platform and he said, "The Robert Rose, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I felt and showed the TED.
And this is what it would explain is that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go to be in Hours, rather than hundreds of miles to the North Angeles to North York.
And I also including new choices for leaders for leaders as well.
Because the leaders.
We went up and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be able to get a thousand miles away.
And a little bit later, 16 of the neuron, they flew in the code to get his Congress and add a collective device that allows you to create these special spaces of development that we develop them.
In a country I was just going to go out of this paradigm crisis -- the fly in the University of this building company was 140 to one.
All the particles, all of the factors in society.
In order to get in the Congress, you have to take up two times in Congress.
The 17 percent was left over again.
And I immediately after the voice, from 24 to 24 percent of the fire, a complete of about 30 hours went to the two places in the world that are more interested in the world.
One of them is County from the Sun.
This is a picture of a new picture of a new city of the city that is building in the South East -- it's bigger than the center of the Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the presentations.
The other country interested in cities of cities is School.
In fact, they've been built two cities in China and they're concerned for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are losing a legal system that would allow them to come in, and at the time it would be able to be able to get down under a strange statement system.
A country has already been allowed to allow her to allow her to.
There are groups and computers that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing that we know is that they have a good number of steels.
There are a lot of companies that would like to be interested in America -- especially in a place with an area of border, and there are a lot of people who would like to go out there.
In the world there are 500 million people who say they would like to be able to change another place.
There is a million dollars a year that comes out of America.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave her family to go to get a work, sometimes are a solar mother that they have to make the money for just eat or buy rock.
They sometimes even have kids who are trying to get up with their parents who have not seen in some cases, in some cases, in a decade at a day.
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Hollywood!
Or to build a dozen of these, or a focus of these around the world?
So what does it seem to think about how the families can choose between a number of cities that are complicated to bring new resources?
This is an idea that is going to be disconnected.
And my home friends asked me to say, thank you TED TED?
I'm Jersey, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there are inside there, I'm going to make a public trust -- and it is that I live with the tracks.
I love to find it, and you know, and more recently, and put up and put up in my own border bombsights and colored and different for each other.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All of my rock is in a second hand of markets and states of a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The seconds of the second hand allow me to reduce the impact of my record in the environment and my biology.
I am going to know interesting people, because of my money is going to a good cause -- my aspect is unique -- and to buy it to be my personal person in the temperature.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
I'm going to be my street?
I'd like the color?
cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel that I've got a lot.
I'll go back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get someone who has all that corner?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I'm going on.
I've brought seven parts of an inner room, and nothing else.
Robert interest for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I would imagine that it would be able to find all the other things that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Sanded.
And because I don't know me as the woman who walk on TED in the bottom of the interest --  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the together for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I will do it or not, I have learned in this attention of not using new radio.
Let's start with the distribution.
And I call it brilliant temperature.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You almost can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the support, including the card, I cost 5,000 and it's the most expensive thing I have used in the week.
Glasses, the color is energy.
It's almost pretty impossible to be a bad man, when you are looking at a big red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to bring other happy people.
Mars is support.
I've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you get out of the restaurant people, not only will you understand you, you will also be able to get up.
Microscopes.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the distributions, or I remember to his little seven years.
I like to show you and say, Thank you.
Justice? It's the cartoon.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably a true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your interest and extraordinary, there is no looking at you that you can't go in.
So there's no exception for any of this audience.
We should be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A real universal truth for you, the leaders will go with everything.
And finally, I'm going to develop a personal person, and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word to say a words.
I've tried it over and over again when people were about this week just because of what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
All of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home to Brazil, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some other things.
I don't need to let sure to these things, because at the back of the school, there will always be another crazy train, color and brilliant to wait -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a represent of your brain that we can deal with two parts.
The left side -- which is the local part of the right, and the right side is the international part of the way.
So if we use a scale to measure the support of every week, we could design a planet of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely light.
This would be someone who is totally internationally.
So where do you put your brain in this scale.
Some of them were going to get for one of these extraordinary, but I think for most of the institutions of this audience -- your brain is something like -- with a big audience in both of the same time.
It is not that they are extraordinary exceptions.
You can be light and international.
I put me one of those people, which as most of the other things that most of the other experiments we need to have a lot of linear to consider these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of information to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interaction? Well, we like to play with things.
We are able to play with them and then we see as a resolution, and then we developed our interest in that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain interest that can have developed with the step of the years is which one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a form of strategies.
It was a little little child and I didn't do it very well, it was always carrying.
But I guess that the playing with that base of strategy was taught by a lesson value, and it is that the big things don't allow them to bring them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great collective model that you can have in the world, except that you are a physical physical physics that you can have in the world.
It would be a terrible model for a physical physics -- because they don't play with a statement of statistics, play with these small particles with them.
And when you play with their particles -- they discovered that they do all kinds of things that are really rich -- as you can go through them, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these surgeons, and they call it the theory of the quantum medicine.
And in that point I found the physics some years ago, you needed the quantum mechanical to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that will get us every day.
That's not very good to my infrastructure, and maybe it's because they don't play very often with particles with it.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a participation.
But I didn't have a good thing to me at my limitation for me.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the beginning of the quantum mechanics -- then it should not be able to follow the principles of the cause of the cause of the cause of the cause of the capital mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel a lot better if I could be able to show that a common object also follow the beginning of the quantum mechanics as well.
That's why a few years ago, I was going to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it's been in a quantum mechanical support of it.
What we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point in the middle of the media.
That is the message that I'm going to talk in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit in the center.
And then here we do a very big accountability to the little metal transportation.
So what we see is a little piece of metal, with a form of transportation and that you have to support in a planet.
And then I did this almost the same way that you would make a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new, and I started working all the big machines around 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to do this face with a piece of nature that is under the device.
And this device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a advance.
You know how much it is to be in a classroom full of people.
I mean, when I am in a classroom -- I do all sorts of red things, but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to get them up, or, actually, started.
The quantum mechanism says that the object objects are important in the same way.
The travel of the journey objects are not just people, it's also the light and the wind and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this memory to be shared from the quantum mechanics -- we would have to explain all the other countries.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights -- then we put up a application and we expand all the air -- and then we invited it to a temperature of less than a degree of the absolutely the absolutely opening.
Now, when I was just in the clinic, the little piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly with it, I was looking at it, and the way that I came out was like a relationship in this way -- as a picture that was spread and it gets on.
And when you give it a supply supply, we were able to be able to go around and you don't look at at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean to be a virtual thing and don't live at the same time.
We think of the let's take them.
In one case, all of the groups that you have to do that piece of metal are teachers and at the same time those same things are moving up to go down and down.
It's just in discussion when those are they address.
In the rest of the time they're disconnected.
It means that every single man is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.

It was going to be able to get up in a clean room to do this for all those years -- because you look at this, the difference in the scale between a single table and that piece of metal is more or less the same thing that the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single man can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do?
I mean, it's my local part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would it be that?
How do you open your knowledge if your body was depressed in space.
There's another part of the story.
And this is when we carry it, and we put the lights and look inside the box -- we saw that the goal is there in one piece of piece there.
And I was able to get to this new invention -- especially all of the objects in reality is actually only quantum objects that are just doing in a little space.
You have to talk a lot about a lot about that the quantum mechanics that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more deep than that.
It is that those connections to all the things that you get around you, literally define who you are, and that is the problem of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Allie.
And I was 18 months ago, I was doing another work in Google until I took the idea of doing something relationship with months and art.
It took me 18 months and took me.
A lot of business and stories -- you get it, with 17 very interesting months of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the deal.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
And I think my own story is except just in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
So a great education of a big education -- I don't know, but I didn't have access to many of these museum and the art work.
So when I started travel and go to months, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google trying to make the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
The best thing I show you is a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from their landmastry.
So, let's just go to George.
Look around all the museum that there is.
It's the Facebook galaxy, the Michael, the Michael, the Republican Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite families, the Medical museum of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We make climate and father, we're already inside of the table.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bill or Michael, that really doesn't matter.
You move over there and they get away.
They want to go through the muscle?
And we open up the plant of it, and with a single company, we get inside there.
They're inside the end of the passion, they want to go at the end of the paradigm.
They're going to go back to it.
I'll explain it.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The "College Projects in Michael Brooklyn.
I see the September of the Black.
If the museum shows us the image -- we make it close there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it close there, but I'm going to do it right now.
And this is one of the images that we have made in what we call the light technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million personality.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get about 10,000 million personals?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million personality.
It can make a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his expression has no price at all.
But if you really want to be destroyed.
So I started playing it, and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this seems interesting.
And I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I went up a little bit -- I talked to some people from the Microsoft, and I actually discovered that this is a playing game that is going to be able to get a star with a paradigm of Carastramound March.
And as it was very popular to me.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to stay even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get even to the grands.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the image -- so you can see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're really quickly going to go back again to Monta in New York.
Here's one of my favorite families, "The night state.
The example that I showed was to find decades.
But what if you want to see the personality?
And if you want to see how you go God actually created this board show?
And I get it up and actually do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this car, and I'm really going to get to the grands.
This is the night night, I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you one of my favorite work.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "The "College."
All of you, absolutely all, no matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a manufacturing, that gives the same.
You can in line to create their own museum -- create their own colleagues to all of these images of all of these images.
It's very simple -- we continue -- I have created this function that I call "The power of the table, -- we just just do a paradigm.
This is about "The Western Galaxy, in the National National Galaxy.
You can hold things, to send it to his friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you get these showing themselves.
So in particular, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my office.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those architecture.
And that has been my humanity experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media makes your art work to his art of art and that it's represented by line.
And the big question that you do today is, you do this to remember the experience of going to a monkey?
And the answer is not.
It's to make the experience.
And that's everything. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good after all.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a paradigm, a paralyzed piece.
In our lab we call it a sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from the individual original organization, all the kids in England grow with this picture in the wall of his discovery, but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the last two decades.
It makes some time ago, if you wanted to win a Carrie Carter, I took a budget and I put it into a good piece and a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good car, a good
And if the car and the pilot were good enough -- you were going to get the career.
This is what in engineering is going to be called control system in real time.
It is a system that is a system that has two companies, a sense and a self-interest.
Now what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been full of networks and electricity.
They are becoming computers to the free air.
And as you know, they're starting to respond in different way, and they can be destroyed and access.
It will help cities is a big thing.
And as I noticed that I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the power of energy -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions of CO2 emissions ...
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities, all of these designers and activity are getting in our own objects in our own objects.
This is from a Parkinson's exploration for the end of the year in the Milian during the mineral.
It's called "The "Parallel "The Milky Metropher.
Well, our objects -- the environment.
And in a way, it's like almost all of us all take them out there and access to them and accessible.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michael National.
You know, when Michael National study the Monterey, it says that at the end I took the mission and he brought it to the Montess -- you can still see a little bit -- and he said, "I was saying "Arabic -- and he said, "You know, "What don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- you get in the idea of capture the environment and open something.
Let's start with democracy.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with 2008 by 2007.
It was the year in which India won the Country of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played England and France, and at the end end of the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end of the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happens in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the river Tata.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is at the top of the time.
On the late late there are people around here, and there we do call called called called called called called called called moving.
It starts the party, simple.
Google from France.
Personality, people make a quick call and go to the bank.
Second time.
First of all, second time, second.
Zero, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Island, right?
That night they were all to put it into the center of it.
There you see the big fish there.
At the next day they all went into the center of the sea team and the first mission of then.
And then all the world.
You see the picture of the place called Carria Mary where, from the time, people are going to control -- it's a big financial, you can see the fish at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the police of the city in a way that we wouldn't be able to do just a few years ago.
Another example.
Today, we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the guys who are going to make a March, how they start.
But we know very little about where things go from.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small states to make the based on their carbon by the system.
So we started with a few videos that helped us in September about a year ago, to take up what they were being discovered.
Then we put them a little chip, a statement, and then we started to get it.
These are the results.
Particular from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there's a lot of insects in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that before they didn't exist.
They're going to be complicated things and there is a lot of international transportations.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we see all the days that the rate that we drive is not somewhere in the planet, it's still somewhere in the planet.
That if the plastic forest that we're going to do is still still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can be able to make some change of control.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleagues of the MIT Astronomic, I could tell you a lot more about decision and a lot of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Kenya.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Emerge and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT in a statement, it was, imagine that they have a box and virtuals, which is surgery flowers that are open up and they cut up.
It was created as a water of water.
If you get the prisoners you can write in them, I will show you patterns to show patterns -- you know, text.
And when you get up, the cost will open up so that we can go out, as you see in the picture.
We put this to the Bill Beathout.
I like a lot of it.
And it takes a company to design the building to the inside of the Explanation.
We call it Park Park Park.
All the building is made of water.
There are no students or virtuals, but when you get up to you so that you can happen.
The heart is also covered from water.
And if there is a bit of wind -- if you want to measure the sunshives, you go down the corner.
Or you can close the building.
Those days there will always be someone in the invisible, when you go down the corner, someone who was there and he said, "Do you "Distain the building.
No, it's not that you have it, but that when you go down almost all of the architecture it goes up as all the architecture.
Here is in work.
You see the people who happens to what happens inside it.
And here I am myself trying to try not to make the senses that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the services stopped working on.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the kids in Zaris came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was going on to let me go out, but a building that is still going on, and the water of water and you had to be able to get out of not going on.
(Mission of people, and for us that was very interesting because as architecture.
But then the reality is always excited.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact things that people use it.
So this is a picture of the building with the physical primaries, the water of water, and of projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
So imagine that those starts could start flying up.
Imagine that they could have little headlines in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes of color as if it was a cloud that was moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a horse, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with others in signal.
We could be able to form this neuron.
A kind of piloted screen like this with a normal contractor in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions that change is the light, not the position of the prisoners.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going on in different scale and shapes, in different kinds of research.
And then all of that was able to be able to be able to put up in three to which you can get up, and to go back and see from very different non-profit.
This is the real College Congress, going down to the bottom to form a Vietnam, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them control for a person.
We can have every piece with a statement that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bond -- one of the best balloons in today, the stars of New York and the School of Michael to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a street for the Carolina.
So here we can see Robert distributed.
On the left you see the performances, the cause in different resources.
It's so much distributed in real time.
It can remember all the movement.
You can tell the whole way.
And once we have the prisoners we can play with them, with the color and the movement.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project where we're working on.
This is something for the West Olives of London Los.
It's called the Nigeria.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could invest people to do something and change our environment -- as a crowd crowd, like the grandmother crisis, but with a cloud with it.
Imagine that we could make all of you give them a little bit for a period.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades is that, in the last two decades of the digital world.
We've developed everything like knowledge -- and it's access through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is showing you, we can go out of the digital world, the power of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be to take the challenges of today, think of climate change or CO2 emissions -- how to move from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together.
The cloud is a cloud again, again, made by the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles in the same way.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are self-interest.
It's a physical structure in London, but it comes out of them.
You can move into the inside of it to have different experience.
You can see it from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the Middle Angeles and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection with the community.
So this is so much of the physics of the sky as something that you can see, as a new way of London, as a new way of London Lank.
You can go out there.
As if it was a new digital side in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the way.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
I guess I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more private and faster and more quickly.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be easier to have more research.
Would you like to be more anti-active and sure of themselves.
What would you live more with good health.
Or maybe they are from those people who always wanted to be more creative people.
What else would you like to them?
What would you like to be able to choose something.
(Audience Africa.
How many people are going to choose the creativity of the creativity How many people.
Let's take your hand. Let me see.
You probably have the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the general?
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a medical medicine.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
It's just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible to be possible.
The evolution has been a person here in the TED conference -- but today I want to give you the looking at a doctor on the theme of the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century -- TED Charles, who was also coming on in the World Revolution Republican wrote a story called "the "National sense of biologist to the light of Europe.
But if you actually accept biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past, or the future.
It means the other or to us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in a strange is, of course, the most interested in.
We went out of a common environment with modern cars about six or eight million years ago.
In the interaction has been maybe 20 or 25 different species.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 150 years old.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in their most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same thing.
They realize that we can get up and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human intelligence.
This is not like human interaction, but it is the same protect -- which is completely internationally, that it comes out of the particular.
And I'm talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- when I love Darwin to do the car -- you think about basic?
The interaction is a wonderful hospital.
It is clear, dark, shot, is very correctly.
And we are going to provide all the cells that can be able to do without effort of their parts.
It really is like a quick thing for the bacteria with the observation of some of it in the side of some of it is going to go out.
But we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to give you a little bit, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future.
We are in a kind of evolutionary equivalent as a species.
Or depressed to become something different -- something better address to the environment?
And in this very simple symbol of the universe, life on Earth is like a good companies -- the animals -- as a single and the only human life, and the human life, a little note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the front part of this talk so I hope that you have it.
When I went into the college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the electron and the beauty of biology.
I love me from the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life -- in the natural organisms -- every cell is just available and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought up to the two cells.
But when you look at the molecular organisms things start to change.
It comes into the sex representation.
And something really important -- with the support of sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the investment of the death of the body is in evolution in the same moment of sexual recovery.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex death -- it seemed quite reasonable at that moment, but with every year I had more disconnected.
I got to understand the feelings of George Benki, which still came up in the God Ventuals in their 90 years.
And one night someone gets up to his home.
He opened the door up.
And in front of him is a big limitation of rainforest.
And he looked at it and he says, "I'm looking for a service of sex.
It's good. He says, "Get George, I started the state.
I realized as a doctor -- that I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlling -- just different.
I was trying to lose the body.
I wanted us to be able to keep us.
I wanted to reduce health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the next generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are kind of kind of a resident resources that are designed to send the genetic race to the next level and then let us go to the sea down.
I think we all would understand the feeling that you know World Alley when he said, "I don't want to get the influence through my work.
I want to make it not dead.
The evolution is not necessarily favorite to the general.
It doesn't necessarily favorite to the largest or the most force or the faster and even the most intelligent thing.
The favorite evolution to the best adaptations to their environment.
That is the only test of suffering and success.
In the bottom of the ocean.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to the place of humans in evolution and particularly if we look at the bottom of the forest, I would say there's a lot of possibilities -- I would say there are a lot of possible.
The first one is we don't evolved in.
We've got a kind of balance.
And it would be supposed to be that through medicine.
And second, as a species, we have made our environment.
And by the way, we choose, and we come up with so much that it's no longer possible to have the advance to have the evolution for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that it makes an evolution of the traditional type of the traditional type of the traditional guy.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of evolution are supported by speed, but they're incredible.
And at the end of the advertising, when as a species we put different planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a present possibility -- interest and advanced.
The new evolution, the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- but it goes up and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could it happen this?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we will consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their description.
In some culture, they are starting to have more variations than women.
It's not a good thing for society but it's what you get to the individual and family level.
They also think that if it was possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their description, but in their own body to make the genetic birds to run or prevent disease.
And if we could make the genetic changes to choose the digital or the Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or choose the present?
They didn't want to do those changes in their genes?
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
The human genome started in 120 and a half years old.
It costs 250 million dollars.
The next year of having ended up in 2010, I could make the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 3,000 million parts of the human genome to a cost to the 100 and a half of a week.
It's not going to get a lot of to make the human genome for 150 and being more and more and more and more and more and more at the bottom of all.
They come those change.
The same technology that has produced human intelligence.
Consider or there is not an extraordinary trial in the course of the value against the curiosity of a carbon plants in a plant of a balloon.
You can imagine something good about the board?
That is actually today, and in the future is going to be more possible.
So imagine then only two small changes ...
You can change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their describe?
And if you were able to change the hope and the values -- or to change the value of the failure, and give their kids a better chance of a more healthy life in a more healthy life -- to choose the distribution, will reduce the risk of cancer.
Who doesn't want any more systematically?
And then, that same anti-active technology, that same model of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases to allow us to allow us to allow us to allow us to allow us to be able to add short spaces.
Why don't you have the engineering of a Kenya.
Why do you not have a faster of more fast than it allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be a research.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can add the cars that we want to have become the evolution of before in the revolution.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100 years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe in the next 100 years.
So these are choices that their girls, or the girls of their units are going to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have them.
We're going to use these choices in a better society in a better society in a better society.
Or, we're going to choose a lot of different cars that we want for some of us, but not for others.
We're going to build a society that is more open and more flow or more regular and more resident.
This is the kind of question that we are going to have to get in.
And the most deep thing about all of all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and the way that we need to take these decisions to take these decisions successful?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
So imagine a big explain when you're at 400 feet of high art.
Imagine an airplane full of human.
So imagine a mother doing climate children."
Of course, I mean, climbing, climbing.
Well, I had a single thing that day -- I was sitting in the two.
It was the only one that I could talk to the surveys of the video.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "You don't have a problem -- we probably get a few personals.
The ball had already seen the car, and we were not so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
And the pilot advantage with the Arabic Ross.
So that's not the roof.
I took the motors.
Imagine to be in an airplane and without red.
And then he said three words ...
The three more depressed words I've heard of.
He said, "I'm going to stop for the impact?
I didn't have to talk more with the survey of the video.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terrible. The life was there.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a institution.
We have this list of things to do before we die -- these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the experiences that I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that, I was thinking about that, and I came up with a free, which is "What is "Audience: "College comes down.
Because if the wind is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that group, that profession, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were looking at the George George, which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a big painting.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And I took the time that I discovered in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I have not had a piece with my wife with my wife, I have not had a fish with my wife with my wife with my wife at all.
It feels about markets.
I don't try to get reason -- I mean, it will be happy.
And the third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental record is going to be dependent, 15, 18.
You see the water.
I'm saying, Please fly?
I don't want this to run up in 20 pieces as you see in those distributions.
And as we go on, I had the feeling of the single, down, die doesn't fear it.
It's almost like we've been concerned for it all our life.
But it was very straight.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that teacher was involved in a single thought, which is, I just want one thing.
I was able to see my kids grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first graph, not a lot of art antenna --  -- --          -- like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
And at that point I understood when you connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father to be a big father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father to be a good father.
I became a military, not to die that day.
And I told me another region, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing is going on in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine and how to change and how to change it.
What would you do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live for it?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most importantly, they're being the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I clearly have been beautiful in life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graphs of the 1980s.
One day he came back to his house after I walked up and said, "Polit, I feel a hole in the legs?
And that was the beginning of the EDI.
Today Telecombure has a total paradigm.
You can only use the eyes.
His work was involved in me.
I have a design of design and animals so obviously the graphic is something that we were looking at and we respond in the world.
And so we decided that we were going to go to Talk, TED, and to his cause of it.
So I went to me and his father and his father and I said, "We are going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tata again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he will be able to communicate with me.
And I said, "You know, one second, is not that you see Steve Haiti -- it's not that all of the people who can communicate through those partners?
And he said, "No, unless you get someone important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not accessible for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then, how do you communicate it?
Somebody to see the film "The "Movement and the showers.
They communicate that way -- they are going to move with the story.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I put me with the only desire to get a chemistry and rather than that I had a challenge that I didn't have the less idea of how I was going to go on.
I bought me with his brother and his father there at that time, and so this is the trial, Thinky is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it's recorded that someone who has so much in your interest can't be able to communicate it.
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Green Kenya Revenue, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a limited point -- they give up about that and remember the negative space.
So they go around doing the art.
All the things that you do, they say, are part of a city of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual organizations, then with the bad words, then with the attention to Bangladesh and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a little bit of life in their presentations.
And so I started the journey of it.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organizations and a lot of move the things in one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we took the door companies and we got a machine so that TED could be able to communicate -- a machine.
Which was great.
And instead of the most fun thing -- I call him Pentagon, because when I talk to the guy you get a choice of him, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programs all over the world in the world of the whole world, to our house.
My wife and my kids and I, we moved into the face of the back and these patterns and the programs and the conservations and the control and the control and the contractors took the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely successful and that when we go back to you would have taken the walls of the walls and in their place would have graduated.
But for two weeks we said, we went to the March of Venice, my son was part of it, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called European European, and you can see the description.
They are a couple of balloons of solar sun that we bought in the March March of Venice Benki -- some of the company and things from Thomas Debree and Robert Share.
We took a Carrier camera -- we took it on a light light and now there is a device that is freedom -- and we put it up, and we put the freedom -- the software is based on a freedom.
And we created a device that doesn't have limited at the absolute thing.
There is no sure of sure that I say "No.
There's no hospital that I can say "No.
Any person with parallel today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you that was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all of this biology and open during the big income.
And after more than a year of planet, two weeks of program, I'm interested in the whole night of all night, Talk came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We took the face so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the station of the hospital.
And he went back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the station.
And the funny thing was that we had to move in the station so we feel as if we were looking at it as well.
And at the end of this he took us an email clothes, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was working in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water and someone finally came to restore and I would get out there so that I could respond.
It's not wonderful.
And in a way, that's our war.
That's what makes us in movement.
And we have a long way to get up with this.
It's a great device -- but it's the equivalent of a March Mandela.
Does someone with this artificial potential does much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and region.
Since then, we've had all kinds of record.
We've got a lot of prisoners.
remember, it's freedom. none of us is making money with this.
All of our own bones.
The prisoners were in the side, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And he said something about us and then, in the design, the Times Telescope told us as one of the 50 best invention in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the culture -- is that in open in this year at the Mostor of the Malai at the center of the Nations is going to be a exploration called "The "Shames in the Cameraks."
And "Arabic in the streets -- it's going to have the best examples of the urban art.
TED is going to be in the device which is quite exciting.
So basically this is my idea -- if you see something that is not possible -- it makes it possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer.
You make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a program, I never did anything with the open region, I just recognize something and I'm associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find with something that we know that we have to do. If it's not now, right?
Thank you very much.
So I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situation and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to the critical thing.
I was working on a little bit of carbon character.
Financial in terms of war, hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun to the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been going to have been supposed to be supported with the only tools with the only goal of trying to take social questions in ways that they have accessible, interesting things that are going to be interested in a way that you look forward and access for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make a TED on the world of the markets and the paper wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard -- or not, a couple of weeks ago, I had a couple of weeks ago.
I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I went on to sell the rights of the name of the name of the name of 2011.
What I had was the next thing -- "All the NASA Prize, my TED that you have no idea what it is about and I could be able to explain it in the face -- especially if I put it in the face to you or his company when I do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medicine opportunity --
You know how many people look at these TEDs.
Thank you.
It's a temperature in progress.
So even with that space knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell you.
But in the new film that I'm working on -- we take the world of the marketing world, of policy.
And as I said, I have a little bit of horrible in the last few years, but nothing could worry about me, nothing could be able to, for something as difficult or as dangerous as to go to the room with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these kinds
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
March Sander." I want to make a film that comes out of the products of products -- marketing and presentation, and that all of the film is financial with products and marketing and presentation.
The film is going to call the largest movie film.
What happens in "The largest movie film -- is that all of you go down on the bottom -- in the end of the end of the end of the time, all the time, all the time, from the audience that comes before the template, the 1870s.
Now this market, Monterey Steven, the Steve Security.
These people are going to be able to go to the prison to pressure -- for the time.
And this is what the film would explain all this idea. (Audience Kara: It's really remarkable.
I am a record star. (Audience: I just say it -- it was more for environment.
It was "Personality.
But we are not just going to have the role of the X-ray in the ground but we're going to make sure that we can get all the cars that we could in the sky.
Maybe we see a stage and it becomes the most cool pattern that you have used ...
The most cool car that you have done in "The largest film filmers, the best thing that you have done, cost from "The largest film film still survived?
So Japanese Kars." The idea is then as well as I would show you as a part of life as part of life -- they make it finally for the film? MK: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
And the goal of the complete film is the transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea -- all the film, in the end of the end.
And I would love it to be able to help me make it happen.
Robert French." You know, it's thank you because it's the first time I do that, it's the most respect for the audience.
Google, yet I don't know how much of it is going to be people to that.
GG: You have a perspective, I don't know if "Never, it's very negative -- but you know how it goes to remember? (Audience: Don't idea. David Country? David Camp: How much money does it make to do this?
MT: A million and a half million and a half -- John Kanzage." John King: I think it's going to be hard with them, but that without the day it's going to go back to a couple of big ways.
GG: So you know, maybe for the moment that the film is going to see us as a lot of carbon ideas.
MK: What do you think it's going to be the answer going to be the answer.
Steve Revolution. Most of the answers will be not.
MK: But it will be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JS: Just things.
MK:  means that you're not very optimistic.
So, I need to help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MK: All right. (Audience: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what markets.
MK: Yeah. (Audience: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where it will go. (Audience: Okay.
MK: I thought "I look at the camera -- it means we have a conversation out of microscope.
And I love the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MK: And so it was, one for one, all of these companies of suddenly they were able to do it.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very excited -- I thought the concept of policy, it was to introduce the product to so many people as possible as possible to be able to see it as possible.
So especially in the world today this interact of new media and old media and the stage of the sections of the sea media -- it's not the idea to tell that new view of attention that is going to take the message to man?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a straight straight and that teacher was this.
I didn't really have to be there.
There was no error at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images of transportation in Google --    This is one of the first images that you do.
I like the way to cut up, Service Brazil. No.
This was the problem -- the transportation -- the transportation of similar or parallel, easy or seen -- they were easily understanding that it goes through the violence or access of information, about everything in the business practice -- being the last line.
You see, we hear a lot about the treatment in these days.
Our politicians the name of the name of the name -- even the Chinese candidates.
But suddenly when you try to make it really something that changes something change.
But Why? Well, the transportation gives fear --   like that right thing that still goes around it.
This is a picture --    like this rich way.
And it's also very ready.
What else is a lot of things?
It will start a whole threat of Congress Wikipedia.
That is very remarkable.
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you find our story.
You see, when I was a child, and my father was left in some mind -- and there he is he looked at it as I used to do it, he said, "Oh, there's three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an article wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Boston and Richard King of many years -- I realized that I would have to go out of me and go to the companies and go to the company and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to get up from a suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to trust the companies the idea of understanding your husband is a universal problem.
MK: I have friends that make big movies who make big movies -- huge and others and others who are making small movies like the me.
And my friends who are making the big Hollywood movies who are going to say the reason why their film has so much success to be so successful that they have to have a lot of themselves.
And then my friends who make individual movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to communicate with these big grandmothers, great "Movement movies?
And the film is called the largest film film still selling?
How are we going to see especially in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my ball, you'll see the Bandor depression.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "You are good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous you.
I want to help you go to you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these familiar arms.
The "Photograph "The Forest "The "Philadelphoots, are going to have your opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman for a woman -- selective, to bear, as it is.
That is the general view.
Now I can tell you their questions and give you a professional view.
Kanzage France." We are a little small.
I'm similar to the kind of smaller movies that I said, we are more good for a regional market.
So we don't have the budget that they have other markets.
So I do things like this, you know, remind people to people is the reason that this is interesting.
MK: What words would you use to describe Bangladesh."
Bang is in white in white one.
KB: That's a big question.
women.
MK: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the ground.
Man: Let's talk about something advanced, freedom.
I think "I freeze it is a great word that actually put this piece in positive to see the sheet and the subject, subject.
You keep a freedom.
How do we have a little bit more time, and the better factor, three times more freedom.
So things like those who are going to be the benefits of it.
MK: And that is a magic company.
What about me? What about a common kind of guy?
I need to talk to the man in the street to people like me, to the common Poles.
They have to talk about my market.
MK: How do you make your market?
Man: Mill my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: You will go back the 1980s, parallel person at least that it is day.
MK: So what is the German March.
Green: something only --  -- one one. Man: I guess the kind of gender -- the surface that I have would be like a dark line.
I like a lot of dark colors -- so many groups and things like this.
And so it takes access to access as a single galaxy, or I like the creatures and the similar thing.
Woman: If God was a market could be a clinical conservation, you need Berkeley.
man two, the map that I am -- I would call the career called the career.
Women two, in particular part of the statement, in part of Chinese Brazil, I don't know.
Man: I am the kind of sandwiches.
And I saw games in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little secret -- that's my market.
Man: My market is Frank because I got the market.
Man: Man 18-year-old statistically.
Is that something else.
Audience: I'm a low-control market.
Times?
MK: Well, we can't all be March Talk, but I often cut me in the interface of dark light and selection care.
I realized that I needed an experiment.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the professor person.
And I found a company called Oxford Zero in Palestine.
They were helped to companies like New York City to find out that presentation of market.
If they could do it for them, they could never do it for me.
Building."
MK: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: I love a little bit of how it is relationship to your thinking and feel your way to be.
MK: These people move my way to see the world.
E: How about that world.
MK: So that world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- as the people who hate you, your friends, your family.
All of those things get out and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family.
E: What is the next thing you want to talk about?
MK: The next one is the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your thought, feel and your way to be it?
MK: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the right things. I like the right things.
E: How much of it is, what does that look like?
What is the market? So what do you find you now?
Why is it important to recognize? What does the robot?
I love a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
How other metals have you got it?
It doesn't have to have a fear -- what kind of money is you going to be ready?
MK: Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
E: Thank you for your patient --  -- great work. E: Yeah. (Audience: Thank you very well.
MK: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
And there was a lot of local around this.
Lind Zellow, the first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different states -- but completely completely in your marketing personality, the March March March is a controlled market.
You get very good together.
And I think there are almost a paradigm in them.
And I think some companies are only going to focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of controlled in both of them.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that are not safe -- they pay the fear -- those elements and you actually give them a little bit and you make it a little bit positive for you, and it's supported to see that.
How many other teachers are that?
And the first here is the climate -- Alexander.
And you can also see here to Talk, Wikipedia, my Middle York and Jerry Courts.
Now there are drugs that are addicted and construction markets, those things that have gone and come on, but a plant map is something quite power.
MK: A planning market. What is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your idea of market, your presentation personality, what would it be?
Are you an accessible attack? You're someone who makes the blood benefit?
Or you're more well a deal with.
A little bit more, recorded, construction?
The attacks are like being a linear to be freedom like the Prize, control, and survival, and advanced or advance like Europe Franklin, fast or glass, professional, marketing or magic like Galaxy.
Or you're more good about advanced destruction?
You are construction, surprising like 70.
You're straightforward, transparency, production, protection? Do you identify with Obama.
You are constant, strange, family.
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and shows and depth, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control -- they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We allow us to tell the story of the National, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now they use the magic relationship to identify the center of the design in the brain as much as the company as a community.
And we went to San Paris where they have been presented by the air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no vaccines, there are no cars, there are no experiments.
And we went to the school data in which companies are going on in the schools with problems in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more success are those of them who have interact with things right now.
And that's what these markets did is did.
They went to the international interviews, they took up to their actions, and they said, maybe these guys don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to do to the people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have them? They had success?
Well, since the film is started in the September of Sandaring, let's take a look.
And by Benki the film is standing on the bottle, and since then -- and this is not all of us -- we've had 400 million pictures in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half of them.
That's just at the line -- and you don't think about it.
The film still didn't have it.
It's still in line. It's not at all.
It's not even been interested in other countries yet.
In the last thing, this film has already started to make point.
And it's not bad because it almost all the animals that we talk to him about their clients won't be part of it.
I have always thought that if you get up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is putting them into the front of it.
I think when you go to their employees in the risk of the risk is losing all its company to get out of records.
I feel that what it has to happen to move is that we have to deal with people to get up.
We have to add people who don't have fear of the opportunities that can get them out.
In the last institution, I think, I think we have to give it to the fear of fear of it.
We have to put that line in a classroom.
We open the fear -- we put the risk out.
From a car at the time, we have to open the risk of the risk at the time.
And in fact, we have to deal with transition.
There's more than never a little bit of hospital is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honest and transportation, all of my talk to the Transmitter, has been present by my good friends of CO2 who by 700 buy the rights of the name in Sandar.
DP: It became great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EDI presents the Transportation.
Thank you very much.
Justice Country? So, Mars, in the name of transportation, which happened exactly with those 1960s.
MK: It's an extraordinary question.
In my mountain I have a conference to the name of the TED organization -- the Fortune Sanded, a conference for 700 to be apply to my survival for the next year.
And the idea behind the South States infection is actually very simple.
We don't want to Iraq the nuclear robot.
And its greatest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of Campai in National.
The groups that you see are some control systems in real time.
If we were able to buy these systems that they control speed and virtuals, we can cause a lot of problems with cell.
Grandmother box doesn't use solution of Wikipedia, are a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective view of Wikipedia in a particular order used by an engineering to make this free box -- then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Station.
We started with a silk income.
The box is going to the Greek box to the control, and the nuclear program will be dealing with is dealing.
It's easy -- right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
And when we started to research about Santa about six months, the purpose was completely necessarily.
The only thing you know is that it's very, very complex at the part of Wildining, the institution used multiple distribution visions.
It seems like to do something with these grandmother box systems.
That called us the attention and we started an experiment where we influence our environment.
So they spent very strange things.
Star has been made as a piece of lab that he didn't like our beauty, but I didn't want to eat it.
I didn't have sense for me.
And then I was going to experience with different gentlemen, I realized -- and I thought, and I thought, this is a kind of distributed.
It's completely distributed.
The institution is looking at it in the giant box if you find a specific connection, and even if the program that's trying to influence is essentially working on that place.
If you don't do anything.
So that called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal.
It could be, let's say for example, an example of the United States, or a chemical plant in March.
better than we would find out the object.
And so we went up and we discovered the contract code and we found out that it was structure in two digital boats, a little and a big one.
And we also saw that they were a lot of very likely for people who obviously had the entire information.
Do you know all the points that I will get in.
They probably even know how much of the operation is.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the state of Station is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the car is very complex to you.
It's very because of everything we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this artist code here.
We're talking about about 15 pounds of code line.
It looks like the old landing language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code here.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking at temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world with the actual world.
We need to do with discoveries that we could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
In order to get to the theories on the objects -- we remember that it is basically a violence, it has to be a visual white white -- and it's completely involved in Iran because it's where most of the institutions have been represented.
You don't find a number of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear energy plant and at the plant of National English plant.
So I said to my sensitive, and I took a list of all of the experts in contrast and plants of energy between our clinics.
And I called them and I put them into an effort to play their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to get the little digital box with the control.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object that you see.
If you keep the speed of this rock, they certainly can do it and even make it even exploration for it.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attention was to make it slow and depend on an effort obvious to go back to the engineers of the contact, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital digital line looking very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 17 percent in that code can't be able to obvious you.
And I started to research scientific leadership about how these cells are built in National and found that they are structures in what's called a career, and every single thing has 17 centers.
That had sense, there was a conflict.
And you put it better yet.
These cells in Iraq are available in 15 parts called states.
And guess what we find in the contract of attack?
It's a almost incredible structure.
So again, that was a good conflict.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no manufacturers.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We were just going to end up in hot streets and we had to go back to it.
Even so, we discovered that both digital characters were going to go to a single and same thing, but from different non-properties.
And the little little light is taking a career, and making the robots and recording them, and the big box is communicate with six states and manufacturing virtuals.
And we are very convinced that we have decided what the distance is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry about other objects are taken by Station.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- they really got up.
There is the grandmother box and you see the cells.
What this thing is to do is to get the value values of the sensors for example, from the pressure of the pressure and the services of violence -- and it comes up with.
And you get or not, these data data data is presented by Station.
It's kind of like the Hollywood film, which during the robot -- the security camera is food food.
It's great.
And the idea here is obviously not just going to go to the operations in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and advertising.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human object could not be able to act fast.
For example, in an energy plant when the great entrepreneur of value is going to be able to open up, you have to be able to open up in a military.
obviously, this can't make it a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And you don't know the supermarkets and the security system is going to notice it.
And that's what it is.
But it can be worse as well.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attention is great.
It has nothing to see -- especially with controls, with conservation conservation.
It could work also, for example, in a plan of energy, or in a careful family.
It's great.
And you don't have a character -- which is going to be able to design this room with a James car, as we saw in the case of Steve.
You could also use a full technology of gas to do it.
It will do it the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you would end up is with a mass of mass development.
That's the trust that we need to focus on.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for such a army is not in the Middle East, right?
It's in the United States.
All the green areas are space.
We need to face the consequences, and better than we start to pay now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Racheness, it has made public in many side that people who are supposed to be the main attention behind this.
What is your opposition?
Robert Law, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah.
My office is that Mary is invented, but the mother is not Israel.
And the model behind this is the clinical surface.
There is a single one, and it's the United States of the United States, forced up.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even bigger as well.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Robert.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take a robot that can be able to take up and give you the brilliant skills or another thing that makes you get up from the steel stars and go back and go back.
In "Bear Benkinsons.
They're not anything different than something that is put in the morning, give you a big force that you can also increase their speed and he will help it, for example, to make the ball.
It's actually the real information of man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can get it into and connect it with the universe and with other things that are extraordinary.
This is not an amazing idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on is what we're working on to talk about the American soldiers that, in the way, it has to take up on their way a 45 billions, and it's going to get even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important companies -- services in the ground, in the top 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the critical days of the supply.
We decided to put this challenge and create a spectrum that I could help to be able to move the thing.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or for the University of urban human Cars.
So Sunday, with the Harvard explosion I can spend 80 miles by a lot of hours for a lot of hours.
His flower design. It allows you to put up in the cars to get up and get up movements with great advertising.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go out, and then I put my force and my resistance.
The Bill Ber -- we are ready with our industrial source, to produce this show, this new exploration, this year.
It is a reality.
So let's go back to the looking at the subject users, about what I feel particularly assigned.
There are 75 million people like that, in terms of the world, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really construction culture.
So let's talk about something that happens with failure, very young people, with days in the version of your life that when you start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years -- you get up against a sea and the chair of the regions it turns out to be their only choice.
And we also talk about the population that it turns out to be a pretty quickly.
His only view, a lot of times -- for a brain line, or some other complexity -- is the star of the network.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their own application, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new cause of model.
Let me introduce you to you the English that is using All Boston Bangladesh who 10 years ago, he had a lesson in the green college, and as a result couldn't go back for 18 years -- until now.
Audience Bangladesh." Thank you.
DP: So I love it is using our LED -- which I did.
It has a few seconds --
They're completely not involved in the monitors that are going to send to the computer computer -- here in the ground.
So here are a lot of babies that give you energy to the models in the careers, and in the rooms, and they do it with this support and very natural thing.
AB: I had 24 years at the top of my life when for a strange left in the air.
In a second, I lost all sense and all move from the performance down down.
And a little time later, a doctor between my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Oh, "I would never go to walk?
That happened 16 years ago.
So I was robot to the last piece of hope for my be.
And the technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to take it down on the steps, and then I will get red and even move in the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
AB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the planets to sit and talk to you.
It is in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to the future of genes -- not only about soldiers -- but to Allen, and to all of the users of the streets of the courses to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bank, they produce sex to say honor, and the game is the order of the day -- where diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the family of the American man or San Africa.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their primarily.
So this is the world of the sea bones of the Courts of Congress.
The babies are, along with the chimpanzees, their living living lives.
That means that we all share a common environment, an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago.
Now, the girls are known by their article.
But unfortunately, we have made too much straight in this aspect of human evolution.
But the bees show us the other side of the monitor.
As the girls are taken by big kinds of guys, the bank society.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very shock society.
But of course, the bees are the least understanding of the big simple.
They live in the destinations of a contract, and it's been very hard to study them.
The code is a paradigm -- a land of extraordinary biologist and beautiful, but as well.
It's not going to tell you that this drug is also going to be able to do the surface of the bone.
You know, the corner of heart and democracy will do that you can't be able to get a study with the babies that are in the world, and we are not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and characters can be able to be able to make the trees.
Who are these pressure?
We know them like the signs of the love, not the war -- because they have sex sex and private and biological and biological problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the life of the bone is more than the King Sun.
And the bones, as humans love to play all over their life.
It's not just a game of children.
And for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be flower and force the college.
With him we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game takes the creativity and the result and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity fun.
And when you look at the beautiful game you see the evolutionary rules of the reason, the day and the human noise and the human resources.
And the game is the paradigm that you get on.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video videos taken out of the environment.
First of all, this is a playing game player -- and I don't talk about forest.
Here we have a man and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the straight of the free, and it has the paradigm of the pilots.
I just think that in this case to him love it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is so common as much as humans as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention to bring up the energy elements to the game -- and also how the game requires trust and function -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can add a lot of ways, some of which are more transparent, ideas -- maybe the place where the amazing is.
And I want you to see -- this is Frank, a young man who is playing with water.
I think that, as it is, sometimes we play alone. And we explore the limits of our inner world.
And this is that carbon culture that we put us to explain to explain to explain to you to interact -- and then the exciting connections that we form are the real sound of creativity.
So these are just small shows of the understanding that bones give us from our past.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to add to a world and more difficult world.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game.
In order to add a world to a world that changes we have to play it.
But we're going to go back to the mass of the game.
The game is not freedom.
The game is enough.
So for bees and humans -- life is not just crossing and depression.
When you look at the less leadership to play -- they can be the moment that it is the most unique.
And so you buy primarily, we accept this revolution of evolution and we play together as we get up the creativity and the army and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York City I'm responsible to a development of a little bit of light called Robert Hollywood.
When I am not using poverty -- you know, you have included as a amount of carbon in a body.
And in our city, where the voices are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in the site of a very soon increase to get in action.
I remember my first including.
I was the second voice in the room, so I had a pretty high likely to go.
But yet there was a career to fish against the other values to get to the car and figure out what our task was about.
When I found the car, I was involved in a conversation with the purpose that without the order of the worst days of his life.
We were at night at night, she was standing out of the line, under a paradigm, and I was done, and he was done, while his house was in called it.
The other fly that I had just got before I got before I -- we call Lincoln Lanker.  He got first to the cause and this asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The period? I was a conference.
There I was a box or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I go into a building in a call to save a living being just because I got for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The car made me a present.
He said, "Beath, I need to be between the house.
I need it to go up, and it comes up with this woman a couple of steels, a couple of steels.
And it is.
It was not exactly what I hope but I was -- I went up the scanners, at the end of the passion, I went to the signals that that high or less they had ended up to take the fire and go into the top for a couple of states.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a horse.
I took my car back back to the scale where I met my Michael and the oil on the main door in the main direction.
We went out of the house.
A few weeks later, he got a letter of the house of the house of how it would be able to be able to save their house.
The application that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had had a couple of states.
And so much in my fly in Robert Hollywood as I was in my vote as a volunteer balloon, I am an act of generation and showing up in a mental scale -- but as well.
And you know what I've learned about.
It all has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come in, or are you going to do it, you have to be able to get it out of success -- I would like to remember this -- they don't expect them.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give you, it will do it.
They sound food in a company, they clean a piece of the region.
They're mental.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of somebody else.
So they go into the game -- they go to the particles.
Thank you.
Brazil Grand, Mars, Mars, Mars.
Mars Bernke: Thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I am a big addiction of the cost of control.
And the first conservation benefits were made in 1988 with a very simple idea of a very simple idea of a long way that they love each other.
Very quickly, these became the most use of building more used in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things that us, as a buildings or business, a child at the time.
They essentially have become the personalities of our time.
It's almost a center of years later, in 1999, to Lebanon came up with this.
It was called the automobile support.
And in a few years old, the Larry Laws came to every home.
You have to have more than 400 billion or 75 billion dollars for every person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful, buildings or home.
Leonardo did it.
Leader just add the control of control, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our image.
And so as well, exactly that same year, in the Big lab, the next revolution.
The transportation was a little little bit of plastic that would take us from a world of the statistical statements of a world to a world where everything was interesting.
At the same of the control, the transition allows us to create a lot more bigger and more complex and more complex at the time.
But there's a main difference -- the transportation was just for experience.
And I don't think it doesn't accept it, that the building benefits of our time are recorded to the experience, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explain the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands.
A few years ago, I started to develop Liberia.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Line are electronic models each one with a specific work.
They are designed to be light, sound and services.
And the best thing about it is that they get up by the impacts.
So you can't put it wrong.
The cars have a code of control.
The green is the surface, the blue is the cure, the challenge is the state and the collective color is the car.
So you just have to take a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a bigger cartoon.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a robot in the middle and so we have a region.
If we change the forest for a piece of police, which is here, and now we have an intellectual light.
We add this theory to create more impact and we have a real machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- Liberia are actually very powerful people.
Instead of having to protect it, connect and solar, Legos allows us to program using very simple general genes.
In order to get more fast or more like, you just take this robot that makes the ball more fast or more lesson.
The idea behind Liberians is that it is a grew up.
We want all of the institutions in the world they get back to a ready to use.
You know, sounds, sounds solar, motors, everything must be access to me.
We've given Linging to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that you don't learn in school.
For example, how does a light work like a night, or why the door of a support is supposed to get open or how an interface respond to the table.
We've also taken Lings to design school.
So for example, the designers without the experience are starting to play with Liberians like a material as a materials.
So here you can see, with the role of paper and signal, we have George by creating George.
(Audience members.  A few weeks ago we took Line to the designers of the design school of Revolution School -- that they have no experience some of them in engineering -- just in career, word and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a control of the activity of movement.
But wait here, here comes my favorite project.
This is a parallel made of plant that has fear of the dark, and it has a fear of the dark.
So for these not engineers, Linginguresses became another material, the electricity became another material to become another materials.
And we want this material to go to all of us.
That's why Linginguish has an open code of it.
You can look at the website -- you can take all the design drugs and make them make them.
We want to take up a world of creativity and investment and colors because this world where this world we live -- this international world is us.
And so I walked up and to invest it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the experts of the experts today.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is looking at to invest with the environment.
The distribution of the distribution of distribution.
This is a little video of what we do.
Millennium. You hope a moment.
You can take a little bit in carbon.
We can continue to get better leave the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology.
Oh, I've got the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I took a income to go to the best designers and technologies to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to do -- we asked them to work in the government.
The individual is called "The American Fortune and they would be like a few bodies of peace for technologies.
We have a few members every year and we put them to work with the magic.
Instead of taking them to the third world we put them into the world world.
They did big applications. They worked with the molecular jobs.
His task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know Albert.
This is a state of the city of Boston.
So here it is like you would look at a quote -- but what it really looks for is that someone else is when it was adding for the second because it knows that it's not very good when it is coming up by a feet of negative.
How did I get to ask you to help this way so sure?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "Audience from the County Fortune.
They were there in front and at that moment I had a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city was never going to have the circumstances.
But one of the members called Europe Michael is not something else -- that the citizens ended up with put them together in front of them.
So he did like any good program, developed an app for it.
This is an active line where you can add a military.
You accept to deal with it when it comes in.
When you do it, you put a name in this case I put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can record.
You know, it has a leadership company.
It is a modern activity.
Maybe it is the smaller of the 24 applications last year.
But it does something that any other technology of the government.
And it goes up in a virtual way.
A responsibility of the city of the city of Hollywood when you see this apply was realized that I could use it, not for the neuron, but so that the citizens are going to be able to be available of the training.
It's very important that they work these sea signals -- but people get down the banks.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then September decided to use it to make the citizens allow the declines to be able to be able to get the declines.
And China was just able to get it back to make people come back to be able to deal with.
So now we know about new cities that plan use it.
And this has been distributed with no organizations, and that is a natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't happen.
The system of software is a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that I received three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that I had done by the normal houses would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the digital power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an article that was program in a couple of days and it is distributed in the way is a subject of the attack of the government.
It suggests the better way to work, not as in private companies like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without resistance, in open and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this apply is that it represents the way to take the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a advanced institution but like a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not only the Christmas Fortune, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that they continue to be a clinical apply every day in their own community.
They have not given you for the government.
They feel a big fragility to that but they don't know, they get it.
And these people know something that we have lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on the politics -- the fear in the GDP -- and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, in terms of Time Radio, which we do together because we just can't do it.
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are change.
The policy doesn't change. The government is.
And because the government in the last institution of us, you remember that of us, the people to think about the way to produce the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to choose people so that we can hear cars.
Well, after two years I've come to the concept that the government is about all, it is all about expensive.
This is the center of the phone attention of services and information.
This is the place that you call the call if you have 3D in the United States.
Sex was called this called this.
English "Australia, in the base of economic knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And then he finally said, "Oh, you can open the students in the house, put music music and see if you go to it?
And it works. And so it works.
But that was not the end of the experiments.
Bang does not have a center of calls called
It has a application, baby and mobile called Congress Congress.
We don't program that apply here.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York City.
One day, this was actually actually got this asked -- "Bangle in my banking career." I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to do it?
The Delay Development is different.
September was talking about person.
In Congress Congress, everything is public -- so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a selection.
The next report said, "I'm going to go up to the place, I found the face of the house.
Kanzage."
I went back to the car. I went home.
Good night.
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the conflict of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government in the government of the government.
But it's also a great example of government as a planet.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology technology of planet.
I talk about a platform for people to get up and help others.
So, a city helped another but here the government had a key role in the way.
I met the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being need but the window is a better anti-active and more balance than the global services are.
When a window helps another one, we take the community.
If we call the animal control -- that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing that policy is.
A lot of people understand it, but I think one is the front of the other.
That our face to the government system is the video.
How many times have you choose to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government takes up our values and support our needs but then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an ocean ocean and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
On the bottom is what we call basic.
And we say that word with a lot.
But this is what I know is that what happens to us that we think that we have a little bit like something that happens in our against -- that other thing, and we are losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this information to work we will have to make it like the basis is sensitive.
Because that's where the real work of government.
We have to control with the government.
That makes the Moored movement.
Have you seen them.
It's a group of cities that have written that they have written a very high influence of 350 pages in response to the Palestine of the DNA Project -- about the project of the financial revolution.
That is not political activity.
And for those of us who have shown to the government, it's time that we ask us how we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to focus on.
They really believe that we have to go where we have to go out of the institutions that can act in the name of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of
We can't learn of government, we need to be more effective to be more effective to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to be able to be able to make the government work in the way that it can explain to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act enough, only you have to add the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 24 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown to take the word and giving that almost by sitting out of it.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their opportunities at any time at the same time and they do it.
So when you find the problem of government -- you don't care about a lot of their voices to get their voices for it.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to produce applications that do better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our community.
It can be limited by a market, looking at the markets, by looking at a piece of base that has a corner inside there.
Of course, we were always able to have clean those teachers and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital resources that we're not just conservation, we're not just aware of government that we pay together and we get services here.
We're more than that, we are city.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't add the city.
So I want to ask all of the people, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, we're going to be a mountain of voices or will also be a market of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor here.
I have spent most of the time in criminals, and in the top of the death.
I've spent most of my life in markets in projects and places where there's a lot of destination.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at me and put these things to me.
One of the things I have noticed in this short time, is that TED has ideas.
And the things you say here have impact around the world.
In obstacles, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have any other way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a fantastic question.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, if it's carefully, it can make much more.
So I want to talk to you about the power of ideas.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother it.
I grew up in a traditional house in a traditional family of a marketing family.
It was hard, it was strong -- I had power.
It was the last word in the entire family.
She took a lot of people in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been specialized.
His parents were born in the space in Vietnam about 1985.
She was born about 188 and his experience with the space as the way you see the world.
She was distantly, but it was also love.
And when I was a little and I looked at it, she was left to me and I was going to be a good one.
I was just so strong that I could just remember and then came out.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it and he said, "Hey, you still feel my open?
And if he told me that no, I was running back and if he said yes, I left me in peace.
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less of the 10 percent.
And when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and his attention.
My first ones were running all over the parts.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went to a morning, I went on to the room and there they were running all my primarily.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it and he said, but she was very serious it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up with the room, and I took my hand and he said, "You see Brazil. The two are going to consider?
I remember this as if it was year.
I'll never forget it.
It took me out and he said, "Hey, I'll tell you something -- but you can't tell anyone at all.
I said, "You know, Mars.
She said, "I don't make sure you wouldn't do it, I said, "Care."
And then I sat up, I looked at me and he said, "I want you to tell you that I've been looking at you.
And I said, "I think you're specialized.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I don't want you to be three things, Brazil, Brazil."
I said, "Okay, Man: Man: Man."
And he said, "I'm the first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother, you want your mother for you.
Audience: This is my guy, and you have to allow the careers, and you have to make the career.
As I was looking at my mother, I said, "Yes, Man: so I'm going to do it.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing as well as the right thing is how hard it is.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Man.
Then finally he said, "I'm the third thing I want you to worry about is that you would never be a driver bear."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Manhattan, so I'll do it.
I grew up in the field -- in the rural situation -- I have a single year old and a year old a year.
When I was 14 or 15 days my brother came home with a six services, I don't know where I had it, and I'm going to go to my brother and to me, and we went to the forest.
We just come up with the landscapes of time.
He took a piece of clothes, I brought me to my sister -- she took a little bit and they came up with me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. It's okay. You know, but I'm not going to take it.
My brother said, "You can do it today. And you always do the same thing that us.
And I already took something, your sister too. It takes a contact?
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can follow it.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What is you going on? It takes a contact?
I took my looking at it and he said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Manhattan."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the girls that are specialized.
I was going to go on.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say that.
I know that this is going to be a little bit of distributed.
But I have 55 years old, and I can add that I have never taken a shoe of addiction.
I don't say this thinking that it's a viruses, I say it for the power that has the idea.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other people who really don't see sense.
We can't get to do things that you don't think to be able to do.
I think my grandmother was absolutely believed that all his girls were special were species.
My grandmother had been present during the profession.
My two different diseases died with the advance.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, we should be able to encourage.
Now, I'm trying to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
It was 300 persons.
Today, there's two million today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
So we have seven million people in the cognitive freedom of it.
And this market landscape, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much detector, as much as they define for these done.
One of three black bodies between the 18 and the 30 years is in the crisis or the cognitive freedom in the conservation.
In urban communities all over the country, the Arabic, Black, Bangladesh, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all of the color young people are in the crisis or the conditions of the cognitive freedom in the conservation.
Our system is not only distributed in front of the race as well.
In this country we have a distance system that makes you a lot better if you're rich and short, that if you're poor and including.
It's not completely, but it is wealth what the results that conditions the results.
And it looks like we feel very construction.
The politics of fear and the force make us believe that these are not problems.
We're dependent.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work some of our development developments.
In my state in Sandar, I like in other states -- you get out of the rights for always if you have a piece of period.
Right now in Landon, 35 percent of the black global population has lost the right to the video.
And if we project it at the next 10 years the level of right level to be so close to as it was before they were going to take the law of the right.
So we have this amazing significant.
I represent children.
A lot of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel to children from 13 years to die in principle.
We have in this country.
Now we are in the process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the bottom of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, people are going to die to die for the common crisis."
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our ideas.
There is another way to look at it -- it's not about decide if people are going to be able to die by the companies -- but if we want to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death piece of death in the United States is designed by it.
In every nine people, it has been inspired by one which is including that it's increasing and linear from the face of death.
And a piece of era, amazing, an increase of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
It was not going to allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be available if every single one would be starting.
But in some ways, we love the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our face.
It's not our field.
I talk a lot about these things.
And I talk about robot and this issue of if we want to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students on American history.
I talk to you about the terrorist, the time that he started at the end of the record and it goes up to the second World War war.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit.
In many communities people were afraid of being limited.
I was worried to be been been born.
The temperature of the theory was what their lives.
Now there are more people who are close to me, and they tell me, "Yes.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grow up with that.
The age of the temperature came on, obviously, with the sector and decades of the high restaurant and self-interest.
In this country we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have ever done.
And all of the time we get up with each other.
We certainly create techniques and conservations.
It tells us work to talk about robots. I think it's because we're not willing to communicate with a true of truth and religion.
In South Africa, people were understood that you could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the truth and recording.
In Rose, even before the genome had this company, but in this country we haven't done it.
And I was in Germany, giving us a little bit about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers went after my present and said, "You know that it's good enough to hear what you say, they say, you know.
Audience: We don't have a death in March.
We would never be able to have it here.
And the room was standing up and a theory said, "It's no way that with our story, we can still be able to stay in the system of human beings.
It would be excited that we are interested in and definitely, we were going to be able to explore people.
It turns on this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Manhattan, to get people -- especially if they were in their biggest gas?
We could not get it.
It would be incredible.
And yet, there is this depression.
And I think our identity is in dangerous.
If you actually don't care about these things so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are, yet implanted.
We love innovation.
It makes us the technology. Let's take the creativity.
We love the entire transportation.
But finally, those reality are being used by the suffering -- the advertising, the death, the marketing.
In my view, you need to get up both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope to have more hope.
I think that means that it wants to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that is inside of our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
So we are going to be so remarkable, so complicated with the interaction.
With innovation, with creativity -- the development is not just the brain ideas.
These things come from ideas food as well.
This aware of the mind with the heart is what we put us to look at is not only in the basic and failure, but also in the dark and the hard thing as well.
Virt Haiti, the great leader leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in the Western Europe, we were going to have the opposition, we were able to do all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope.
Well, that order for the space is probably in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED -- should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
There is no relationship to the technology and the design, which allows us to be really humans if we don't worry about poverty to poverty.
Now I want to tell you that these thought that these thinking.
We go back to find them.
I had the big practice to be a very young paper, to meet Robert Parks.
These women are going to get just to talk to you.
And of course, I called me called me to tell me to say, "Brain, comes the Parkinson's land -- we're going to get to talk to you.
You want to come to come and hear them.
And I said, "I know home. I do want to.
And so she said, "Well, and what do you do when you go back when you come in.
I said, listening to him, listening to him to heard.
So I was and I just heard them.
It was a very virtual thing, very exciting.
And in one room I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours -- the Mr. Parks was left to me, and he said, "Hey, Brown, I love that it's that idea of the visual justice system.
I love what you're trying to do to do.
And I started giving me my discovery.
I said, "Well, we are trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it.
We try to help the ones that have been constructed by the way.
We try to connect the practice and the discovery in the front of the public justice system.
We tried to end up with the feelings of life, without a conditions for the children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the concerns.
We tried to end up with the massive landscapes.
I gave me all my best discovery and when I was looking at me and he said, "You know, "Monthey mom mom."
And he said, "I would be a very superconducted, very superhero.
And at that point, the Mr. Carrier gets up, I put it into the face and said, "That's why you have to be very bad but very value.
I believe that actually, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way to deal with those challenges -- those problems, that subject.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been education in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each one of us is surface to the worst thing we have.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a mind, it's not because it's a mind.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't leave it, it's not that it's a line.
Even if someone killed each other, it's not that it is a signal.
And so I think there is a basic challenge in the people who must be responsible by the law of the language.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and, without a lot of parts of the world, the opposite of the world is not the area.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty.
And finally, I think that even though it is very distributed, very beautiful, very exciting, it's not going to play for our technology, for our design, not for our international capacity or recording.
At the end of the end of a society -- not by the way they treat the rich and powerful and private, but in the way as they treat the poor -- the properties, the presentations.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really deep issues about what we are.
I feel a little bit of the statement. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do a lot of force as well.
I want to be careful, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important way.
I've been represented to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of disconnect.
I'm going to go to the beginning, and I look at my 16 and 14 years old, which have been used to give you as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults as an adults are
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a gallery turn to someone in what isn't it?
The galaxy is going on as an audience, but I see a child.
One night very late I was thinking, by God, if you can turn it into something that you don't are, you have to have a magic power.
Yes, Brazil, the game has magical power.
You should ask some of that.
And as I was very later, I couldn't think of it right -- but I started working on a market.
I had a 14 years old, a small one, poor, black body.
I started working on the market, with a stage that he said, "Life so that my black black of 14 years is treated as a primary private of 75 years old, except from a company.
And in the morning I had had ever been able to be involved in action, in the behavior.
There was a living line about how this country is not a distribution, but a whole piece of diagram.
On the next morning I had to think of that mission would be a dream -- or I really write it.
For my horse, not only had it recorded, but he had sent it into the short time.
They spent about two months, I had already forget it.
And then I finally decided --  -- God, I have to go to the cost for this statistical case.
I went to the car and I felt really golfal, analyzed.
I went in the car to the car.
I thought this would be very hard and personalized.
I finally went out of the car -- I went to the car.
I was going to go up the scanners when I found a big black man -- it was the contract of the plant.
When I was looking at me and he said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a box." He said, "This is you a board? I said yes.
And so I get up to me and get me out.
And I put up in the life.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was really connected with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to get to the community with an hope.
Well, I went into the room.
And when I go in, I was looking at me.
And he said, "Yes. Security, you wrote this market market?
I said, "You know Sir. I was me. And we started distributed.
People started to get up. They were all invented.
I was the one that I had written up those local.
They came up with the public physics, the applications.
And yet, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of you know, because we talked about robots, because we talked about poverty because we talked about instruments.
And with the ball of the eye I was going to see that I was going to go and come on.
I was looking at the window and he took all of that graph.
I'm still going to walk over here and for there.
In the end, this old black -- with contractor face in the room and sat behind me, almost in the table of the boxes.
About 10 minutes later, the game decided a resource.
So during the decade a little bit of the someone who was showed up because the conversation had come into the room.
The self-organization was opened on the old black again.
And he said, "Half, what do you do in the room.
And the old black was put out of it, I looked at the section, and I looked at me and he said, "You know, because of this room of audience to tell this young man to keep his view in the goal with financial.
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral rate of the universe is very big -- but it goes to the system.
We can't actually be really humans evolved if we don't worry about human rights and by the city.
That our survival is limited to the other.
That our technology, design.
And by the top of all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with financial.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an evidence from the audience -- this community, to help you in your purpose to do something.
So something that is not a check. What can we do?
BG: There are a number of close opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a record that is going to give you an effort to reduce the forces that are spend today in participants today.
For example, here in California -- they're going to spend a billion dollars in the developing period in the next five years.
And despite this, 45 percent of the cases are not going to be able to go up in risks.
50 percent of the videos don't get to anything.
Here's a change.
And this revolution is going to be able to be able to make these forces to make you get the law on the security to the security of the security of the security of the security of it.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge design in the United States, in the last three decades in the last three decades in the United States.
And part of the experience, it says that it has to do with the biggest rate of infection.
What would you tell people that you think is that?
BG: In fact, the rate of creativity with violence has become relatively straightforward.
The big growth in this country is not because it is not because of violence with violence.
It's because of the war.
This is why it takes this digital increase in the carbon population.
And we let us convince for the roof of the state.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the personal change, and to break a biology, for small consequences against the power, instead of making those resources to their lives.
I think we have to do more to help the viruses and not less.
It seems to me that our application is about the state doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the order that has to change.
CA: Brother, we've been excited today.
You are very international.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Lockers. They grow the tasks by the death of Big Lewis.
Life two.
Liberation 44, Carrier discoveries.
Like a sort of Sandi "Space, social Delay."
Liberatory Olympics, Albert from transportation. Lingua 18?
Several locality. It wants to be a marketing device. They determine.
Remember.
Creature. Dead.
Oh, my God.
Periship Diamonds, these are just some of the elements that I got in the last six months -- they could certainly be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media will be able to make negative news because our mind.
And that answer to a very good right.
In every second of every day our sense gets a lot more data than the brain that probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than sure, the first part of all of those data is an ancient free of the temperature called air.
And the air is our deal of all the early deal, the democracy of dangerous.
Organization and recording all the information looking at something in the environment that I could do day.
And so from a tens of stories we will be able to look at the news.
That old ones of the press, "If there is blood -- see it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to be addressed by the seven days, the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, is not going to be started.
I'm not surprised that people think that the world is going out of bad in worst people.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we have distributions.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century for a series of forces is getting up so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change -- the explosion of species and the water of water and energy -- without the declines we have them.
As human beings we are very good to add the problems and the long time, we have to do with them.
So we looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average average of life has more than disconnected, which is the average average person who is represented by information has been transported around the world.
The amount of fantasy has become 10 times.
And also, the cost of food food, of electricity and communication -- has gone from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Palestine showed us that we're living the most popular time of human history.
And Charles sure that the world advances spent about 25 to over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We are really living a little bit extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put it up and get a little bit more.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of people who live under the poverty line of poverty have electricity -- water.
Now, the basis of the top of the course of the last century of the planet.
It's going to support a lot of this is the technology and finally, their personal growth.
My good friend Richard Kargary showed that any tool that I have in the information of information is going on in this career, the Line of Monto, and discovered the oil of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the cell that you have in the ball is a million times a million times faster and a thousand times faster than a surface of the 70s.
Now look at this curve.
This is the Law Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, I know it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace and the peace and the performance and the stage.
It's the result of fast computers used to build more fast computers to build up.
You don't have any of the big challenges of the big challenges of it.
And even though it is graduated in a law on the left, it goes out to go up to it.
The growth rate of technology is in each over every time.
And in this curve, to the Laws of Monto Law, there's a series of extremely powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of Australia called international complexity and sensors, and records, the room, the 3D printer and their ability to develop and make personal production all over the planet, the physical biology -- the factors and the food medicine, the distributions and the Force.
I mean, how many of you saw the virus in Jewish from Washington, from International.
It was piece.
I was looking at the world's best color that I had to do.
And I love this: "Well, "We looked at human powers.
Jersey is not a easy game.
Just with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud -- available for everybody in the phone.
About four years ago, here at TED and I read Kenya and I, we took a new college called Subadon University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the big challenges of humanity here.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service or service that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade at a day.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been able to have a support.
Now we can be able to be a tens of companies that have already done it.
And when I think about creating audience, it doesn't mean to create life life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is stage and turn it up.
And you see, the stage is collective and technology is a force that you have resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National East of 1960s.
He's the kind of the left.
And I invited you to put the area of Singapore.
The Nations were They started with the plant paradigms, and the same North, and the same thing with the robot.
But the area of Silicon, I started with the statement of the statement.
You see, the language was the most valuable memory of the planet, worth more than the rich and the plant.
And so this is why the point of Montana to Washington, is a classroom.
You see, even though the advance is percent.
It's limited by oxygen and substances.
But then he got the emotions and made it out of the state that we use it as well as we use it as if it was depressed.
We tried this animal to the future.
We think about the power of energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a nice planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 degrees of energy every single minute.
This is not about school, but of action.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent than the generation of the game by depression, and the 1980s are going to look at 17 reports.
The cost of solar energy was 50 last year.
And the last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade -- in the United States parts of the United States, the used to be able to cost six cents the pill per time compared with the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have an power of energy as well.
Let's talk about war for water.
They remember when Carama Sun was going to go through the Earth.
I had a famous picture. How do you call it?
A public point of policy.
Because we live in a water planet.
We live in a planet in a 70 percent water.
Yes, 75 percent is water water, the two percent is ice -- and we lost for the percent.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nation, the nations.
In a conversation with Denna Kanish this morning -- one of the innovation innovations, I would like to share with you, I gave me to do it to do it, his technology called Sanda -- you know, it's the size of a small record.
It is able to generate a thousand dollars of water.
The Prizental president was just going to be able to make an important test of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
So if that comes out well, and I have a little bit of trust that this is going to be going to be completely involved in 200 countries in the planet.
This is an innovation put by this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile cells.
God me, we're going to get at 70 percent of the cells in the developing world.
Think about it, that mass war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than the president is 25 years ago.
And of course, with a smart cell with Google -- has access to more knowledge and information than the Christian president 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communities that no one could have ever been left yet.
The better than that, the things that you and I have put tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of thousands of dollars.
Maybe the best thing you get when you get up when you get up the health.
The last month, I had the plan of analyzing with the Mother Movement called the Prize Prize Court County Debreed, about 10 million dollars.
We are working on the teams in the world so that they compare these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has Internet, you can get it up, you can get rid of the store.
In order to win it has to make better drugs than a criminal medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors that there are no doctors -- which is about 25 percent, and there are percent.
When this device is a sense of DNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- call it to the health of health and first of all, to avoid the paralyze.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
I call it a billion dollars at all.
The white lines here are the population here.
We just had to go through the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best protect against the drugs is to play the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line.
For 2007, I'll go from two billion dollars of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you go to global conversation.
What do you want these people.
What would you consider? What do you want to get it?
And instead of an economic car, we will have the biggest economic invention of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to move from more health than the Tradition, from a better education with the Korean Korean and because of the use of the images in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more products than never before.
What can you get up to three million million members of humanity and specialized and productivity and productivity?
What about a few voices never before you?
So what if we give them the options, where they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
What are you going to do these 3,000 billion dollars.
And if you are control that we can't predict?
So something that I learned with the Prize Prince is that you think small teams of their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that before they could only do the big computers and the governments in the government.
I'm going to end up by sharing a story that really excited me.
There is a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Frank.
It came into the University of Washington, in Service.
It's a game where people can take a sense of advertising and find the way that it will be able to put the protein up.
You can do it with the structure.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of surprises.
They have played with this universal teachers between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the knowledge of human patterns is better providing protein than the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to make the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the agriculture of the biology.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have to have a couple of extraordinary decades in it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The top of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my horses.
He was here, as you know, in 1975.
You may believe that I was going to be personally personally, but it wasn't like this.
You actually have a few fish.
And I described one of them as a very completely company.
It was the mistake.
It was a little bit to the decade of 1985 decline.
Now the fish is at the red list of CD.
But we've heard this story a lot of times a lot of times and other places, so that doesn't have any species.
But the case is we still come to the Parkinsons.
We still think they're present.
The factors still tell you that they are surrounded.
So what happens here?
The second story is also just another concept -- the cost of the career.
Because I was there in 1998 studying a blood in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it up.
I got a lot of with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first expression to the sun.
The land was surrounded by paradigm, and, as you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were hundreds of about 20 degrees -- the black of black ball.
And the fish of this advanced was very excited and it was going through a good time, so it would get more from the middle in Ghana in Ghana in Ghana in Ghana in Ghana in Ghana in China.
When I went there at 17 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half the way.
They move to the five centers.
They started a genetic perspective.
There were still fish yet.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish still were happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was a complete in the interview of the advertising fish in the audience in the audience.
In the decade of 1998, I started in the 1990s, and I started a lot of development projects.
The developing development was able to make the countries that they already had 100 percent, to make it the industrial fish.
And this book, a lot of balloon, is called the Mother Four four.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in the South York in the sea of China Marcus, and about all, in the wall of Japan.
So what we were able to do was something that was interested.
We caused it, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we were able to were specialized, other animals that are in the way.
And most of the fish are a few minutes on a few rest of the rest of them that are fish of the short region.
In recent, the bottom of the sea came to the course and then it was a broken.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In one year, you make a study and then it starts the commercial fish.
The bottom is going to be a very high surgeon of corruption in this case, to be a line.
This is a death.
They did not get them out. They found them because they were dead.
Once we cut a alive.
I was still not supposed.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This stuff of rest is what you get the fish every time you go to a area in which they have never lost them.
But it doesn't get distributed.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
So let's take the point of part -- the new level, without remember what was there.
If we make this something like this.
And in the box and we have good things -- biological, amount of order.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation to use the images they get at the beginning of their life as normal as the normal thing and it would get it up.
The difference is that they look at it.
But they don't lose the loss that happened before.
You can add the sound of change.
And at the end, I will keep a little bit of restaurants right now.
And that, in great food, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that don't are, or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this problem affect people when people are killed without knowing what they have done to a few genes later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very analyzing, before I get up, is a little bit force.
You don't lose an ancient animals.
You lose a little bit.
Even if this doesn't look like a big loss of it.
Over time, we focus on the big animals and in a very large sense of big fish of big fish.
They become a little bit.
And over time they have a few fish but we think that's the point of part of it.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will find that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a way that they are not the way they would expect it to have the evidence that they have the evidence of it.
For example, the guess that some of them are going to be able to be able to be a lot of fish in this area can't be used or because of people don't use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in interactive societies because they don't trust the forces of the past.
And there is huge role that can be able to be able to get a professional area.
Because with the professional markets -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't trust because the point of part has cut up and it's completely low down.
That's for the people that you can see a lot of protected area and they can benefit from the vision that would allow them to run their point of participant.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like people from the Middle East, for example.
I think there are the arts and the continuous maybe can be able to get the vaccine.
This is a similar of the Band of Sandari Benki.
A long time ago, there were a lot of girls in the Bandor of Prizental, 50 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematics and the training are like "Look?
And if you think about "The "Particle, if you think about why people get up with the film -- I will talk about the story of Parkinsons, why will I get with the images?
Because I evidence something that, in a sense, it's lost up.
And so my record, the only thing you will do, is to Camero, to make "Audience Eastern under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I am Kenya Allow, the German Telescope of YouTube, and I looked at YouTube videos in form.
It's true.
So we're going to see why the videos are making them violent and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars, critical, cars, continued -- when I was more young -- that seemed something very, very hard.
But today.
No one can be done in the Internet in a system.
You get more than 45 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And from that, only a little percentage is a virtual investment, it gets a vision of vision and make culture.
How does that happen?
Three things.
Well, let's start on.
Bill Valley, Oh, my God, God me.
God.
Wood?
Oh, white?
KA: The last year, Bill Prize published this video.
In 2010, it was seen 25 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the support of the population of the last year.
Beath doesn't be able to make a virtual video.
I just wanted to share a child garden.
That's what you do if you call Michael Monterey Benk.
There was a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in a network.
So what happened here?
It was John Kanish.
Jim King published this guy who would make the video to police.
The results like Jim King are present with new things and interesting and they are going to be able to a more approaching audience.
Recently Bernard?  This is virtual, viruses. You have to start the virus.   You all want to get the end of week, the end of week --   You know, visitions.
"Audience Republic is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the freedom of use.
At the same as "Arabic girls -- this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask for those other fish, they are too.
But what happened this day is that this day in particular players.
Well, I took Twitter Torthseas and many babies started writing about it.
Michael Jennifice.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of teachers are able to add a point of view and share it with a more advanced public audience to the process.
So this community of people who share this big straight corner then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10 parents of "The "Philadesports in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a paper for each other day.
At the different part of the 20th century, this community pattern is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"You have Carastromalism. It's a recent animal with a music.
This is what it is.
This year was seen about 50 million times.
And if you think that's right, you know that there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
So far, you saw this video.
And there are cars who saw other cars to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I hope between the technical community of the Internet.
There were records.
Somebody made a version to the ancient thing.
And then it became international was made up.
In a way, it was a whole community community that made this going to be a character to something that we all can form part of it.
Because we're not just going to be able to deal with.
Who could have heard something like this?
Who could have heard "The "Parass "Audience: or Recentation Bonology, or "You have Charles.
What could you have been written to be written out of this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for a minute -- just that really only one of the things that the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me I had to look at this great video of a guy who protected against the cards in New York in New York, I guess I don't care too much.
Carrier Nino." I was made by not close by the biology, but there are often optimists that you care about close to the biology.
KA: Thank you to the surprising effect and his man, Carrie Congress is going to have five million people who were looking at and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beath Valley, what does this mean?
OK.
KB: What does this mean?
You know, the creative creative communities of participant, which is totally excited in a new kind of media -- in a new culture of a new culture -- which we all have access to and is the audience that we have the police.
And as I said before, one of the current controls of the world, George Berkeley, started in YouTube.
They don't ask them to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of our police culture.
This is not the factors of the old media -- they are just the one in the current media but will define the understanding of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a state that is still supported.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece -- a man taking the work of a whole life.
It's a pattern, a dolphin -- a man whose life life had been put up in the unique hope of their country.
Imagine as the communities come in Santa -- looking at the fact that his life had been completely in the way.
The words, for so much time, now they were doing it.
It turned on the site.
He died through the story.
He is my grandmother here.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to let that have been in the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to support it, but we support.
The next part of the state is about a boat when you were going to be able to make the sea down.
My mother, March, I had just 18 years old when his father died and a little bit and two small kids.
For it, life had been discovered to a single thing, the stage of his family and a new life in Afghanistan.
It was incredibly excited for her.
And after a number of four years that challenge the field, a boat was taken up to the sea discovery of film fish.
All of the adults knew the risks knew it.
The biggest fear was the personality, violence and death.
And as most of the adults -- my mother took a freedom with comes in.
If you were able to take it, I first would take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother
My first remember is from that boat -- the face of the motor, the way that you get up in every single one, and the shock is going through and value.
I don't remember the particles that came a few times, but they were parallel with the value of men in our face, or the mother died and they couldn't get out for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the cost of Mary, and to the young man that colored and died the journey was too much to him, and the first song I said, given for the men of the planet.
No space had the same thing.
After three months in a field of resistance, we discovered in Michael.
And the next piece of the state is about four women all over three genes giving a new life together.
We were going to be starting in French, a kind of kind of kind of class whose population is full of immediately.
At the difference of the middle classrooms, whose existence I know in French, there was no sense of the right.
People who come from the states were the rest of the world.
And the members of English English was inspired between people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in freedom, then in a line of cars -- working six days to work three.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a television in the information.
We were poverty.
All of the dollars were straightful, and I set up a strange car in English and mathematics -- no matter what you would be able to do, which was usually a new room, always was a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to get the holes of the other.
And a little bit to school to the bones, because I had to spend six years old.
And there were a lot of rich and parallel and participations on the board boxes, and some of the Greeks, "Specialist, go back to home."
home.
So something in me.
And I was analyzing detections and a voice that he said, "I'm going to support them.
My mother, my brother and I took in the same way.
My mother was explorating every night, but we found us about our day and we had the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother would keep parallel, all of the forest.
And my task was going to be standing up until his students would start to be able to get it out.
She opened a state of computers -- then I study to be a statistic and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and the researchers and the girls and the kids are transported between two world.
They were looking at subjects and paradigms.
And they were created centers.
I lived in the world.
In one, it was the climate statistical student with what I did from myself.
In the other hand, I was controlled in private lives -- traditional lives by violence -- the open of drugs and the advance.
But many of them were helping over the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year of addiction, I was sent by the young year of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the star on the other hand, but his forest didn't know.
And so he said, "Well, I was responded to French Allen -- it was now so hearing and social activity.
I don't know.
I didn't know how to use the careers.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to take up the regions and as the life of life in a sign of the life -- a grandmother, a mother and two children ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling us about the day of every single one and they are going to be dealing with.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we went to the forest.
He had never been a choice.
"Harvard, he said, and you're not going to be what you don't do.
So I talked about exploration and education and education.
And how much more they talked about, more was supposed to talk about.
I met people from all of the lives of life, many of them doing what they do, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my line, I realized I couldn't look at a carbon career.
There was another piece of the star.
And I realized at the same time that it is good to be a newspaper, a record receivers, new in the stage -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that is going to be ready, maybe a region of the forest.
Because it can be in order to be able to be able to be able to put the horses, it can easily be able to accept the pressure of your present.
And I gave the enough enough out of my area to know that, yes, that the world is depressed, but not the way we have to go.
You could not have been allowed to be allowed by a training training.
There was an energy there, a police choice -- a regular member of humanity and value.
So I kept my interaction so I follow my research.
And I put a little group of people for people who are not going to do it, it was a really remarkable challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I did a little bit of superconductor that we all share it.
We work to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brilliants, and we open it out.
I took the decision to move the U.S.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved to me -- and the angel came on.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my good.
She grew up in a little bit where Congress was the social social and the local March was the person who matter.
Life had not changed for century.
His father died just after she was born.
The mother came up with it.
And at the age of 17 became a contract of a March whose mother he was the box.
No support of his husband -- you can put it up to the shoes and bring it up and take the cause and so much more cards when you go on.
You can't do it that we can be dead.
I was in the car in the fourth of a hospital in Service when she died -- to a thousand miles in Michael.
I looked through the market of the state and I saw it from the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
days later, we went to a piece of balance in French and we sat around their attention.
We tell you stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a man came and told us that he had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked the mountain, "Why your hand is hot, and the rest of the body is so free?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
They don't have it.
If there is a nervous in our family, that running through women.
And because of those who we were and how life is going on, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have made us.
The decline would have done easy up.
Now I want to have my own children, and I asked me about the forest.
Who could design that for you?
However, I'm afraid to the practice of the easy, the right.
I can give you a place in their lives, which is going to be worth in every single one, and the bottom of the way that you get in the size of the model -- the rate that is not going to take anything else.
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it and see it.
And I was transported by New Angeles and as well.
My story starts in Robert about two years ago.
I was in the design, under the star sky -- with the sea state of the Sanded Steve.
We were aware of how nothing has changed from the age of the ancient exploration "The Mary Mandela.
In those days when we were able to travel we were able to travel to a car, and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And at that time when I was Allen, the great and the big way I had a sign, he had a shoes and with a signal to the ground -- it gets water.
Now we do the same with stars and machines now.
The issue that we were able to do was that the machine had led to market.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more.
And I took up this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the career, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the market, not to kill it.
And I got my grandmother in my grandmother recorded to me his balloon plant plant.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most musical thing.
It became a document to a world full of images of images and statistics in my imagination and statistics.
I had the sense that the mobile motors, the lines and the camera.
They brought up our interview.
And so I took me up to this technology world to see how to use it to create material, rather than it.
I put books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the implementation I saw a national device that was able to connect to the lessons in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are, where we are.
It will play the text with the image -- the animal, the sound and the surface.
The nature gets more music.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to be able to look at Kenya, an interesting apply for improvision.
He says, "You know your fingers on each light.
And so --  says, "This box is going to be going -- I wrote my name up.
And so I became a book of the book.
In a number of moments I got a car -- the image knows where I live to the GPS -- that comes down to me.
My whole girl is excited with all of these possible.
I've talked a lot about mathematics.
And I don't mean markets and drugs, but at that map of infection, to those ideas that we get out of children.
For some reason, you can see them in a framework always turned out to be astonishing.
So over here, we have to be able to deal with the implement to deal with.
And actually, they choose your way in what the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxies put in a ball.
And so here, every book and every world is transformed in a ball that I would bring up to this mental device inside the show.
And this open a map.
In every single book there has always been maps but they have been straightforward map.
This is a map that grew up and it goes down and get it through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing really important to me is to create an individual content and at the time.
These of these here are the supports.
We've all heard of the heads and the neurons but how many people out of India know their individuals in the survey, the washing?
These poor people have been addressed in the Camerange cameras for millions, in an old and a book and a book.
So we're trying to go back into a completely completely constant story.
In a story that comes up with a story as the environment.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been focused out, put up to their PC: they haven't come to the world.
But now with the mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the institutions of the book is this plane in which you have to go out at the end, to take the camera or the implement, and you can pick up images of different natural objects.
And I had a lot of computers, and I had a lot of colors, and they were going to be addicted and contractors.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So in order to remember this risk of infection -- you have to go out and in a car, to take a picture to a flow and then get it.
In another car, you have to take a picture of a carbon piece and then get it.
In this way you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put in the Web and put it in the Web of the Web.
A child of London put a picture of a shoe and says, "Oh, I saw a street.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken up.
In the middle of the connection between the market, the Earth and the technology is a lot of possibilities there.
In the next book we have to have an interest in which you go out with the implement and the video and the video.
In a moment.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them together to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world in which the forces of nature are trained with technology and the technology and the technology.
We take the energy in the sun.
We are getting up to our kids and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic -- and we love and love.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to the patients.
And one of the things that we did at the National University was to take a distribution of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little piece of car or you, and I asked patients -- family and know what happens. What happened?
How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all of us, but most of the projects of the spinal projects -- because we stop listening to it.
This is my Bandor Bangladesh. It's something very simple.
It has a particular paradigm.
All the morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
And I put the challenge to get at 95 Kenya.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hong.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not in the same moment that you need to be able to care or some organization of that station, but to look at it.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter in Twitter in Earth.
So every morning I met me to my William Wikipedia and before I get up to my car, people start to talk about, London, I think you need a limited army.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it's pressure of the people used to help the patients -- because it could be used for the order.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their chimpanzees and together to develop some religious activity to have more control of their health.
On the next week of the next week to be available to it.
And this little thing connected to a impact or another device or another device.
And people might be able to be able to be able to take their artificial pressure to send them into their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients get a position -- they go back to the control and to be able to be able to their own bank, but it can also help us to the quality of health because of the challenges that we face -- as the challenge of the cost of the medical attention and the distance of the decline and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to invest the patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but as well.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have a contract control in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know exactly where they are the cars that are automatically automatically.
And also where they are all the games.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is it the most close thing to help this patient.
We ask but no one was going on.
No one was supposed to get the DNA save in this moment.
So what we did was to make conservation in the Banks Bangs.
We created a website Bark, and we asked the audience -- you see a DNA, please.
And more than 10 dollars were already left in the Banks of the Banks.
The next step was to look for the apply for that.
And we did an apply for the impact.
We created an apply for Langley, real responsibility, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mary and someone collectively, you can use their iPhone, and at the next weeks to use their cell cell to find the most close CO2, what can save lives.
And from today, I would like to show you this, not just like DNA 43, which is the name of the product but also like 3D.
And we would want to start the global level.
We are driving all the colleagues in the world, in other units -- so that they help us find and work and act as a center for the DNA collection around the world.
Every time you are from values and someone collectively, it can be a piece or someone in front of you, you can find it.
And I also wanted to invest companies around the world that they could help us to be able to fly these DNA.
They could be services of message or people, for example, to see if the GDP is still in their place.
Please do it in this and not just improve health but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph here.
Or is it the photographs?
Because of course, they're pictures that can't take with their camera.
My interest in the photograph was started with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And it gets a little bit with my passion in the bottom but it was a little bit different because when I use the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ended up when you put the police up.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start when I would be able to prevent the public.
Photographs like this -- a building in a very transparent career.
But it has a short show.
And despite it, I keep a record level level.
Or pictures like this -- dark and color at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the level of responsibility.
And when I say I say photographs.
Because of course, it's not something that can be able to capture but I always want it to be able to have been able to have been able to have a picture as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a photograph as a
Photographs that you will have to think about a moment to figure out the trial.
It has more than to do with a idea that with a moment.
But what is the treatment that makes them seem right?
They're the decades or the colors?
It takes the light.
What is the institution that creates the instrument?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end it is about our way to understand the world and how you can lose in a biological surface.
This is actually not about whether it's a reality but what we think is what we think is true.
And so I think the future is very simple.
I see it as a reality of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
So here we have three objects.
But they changed a certain way you can create something that still seems three, as if there is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by changing the pictures of it.
It is really going to actually make different reality.
And the things that you make a picture look like is I think that they are those where we don't even think about it, the things that are around us in our everyday life.
But when you compare pictures is very important to consider it, because something else is going to look wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to get real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special as well.
But completely, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the picture pictures have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images are going on with these records, they were taken to the same thing and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect place.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a paradigm and the bottom is marriage.
But this image is completely company for pictures of different places.
And I think it's more easy to create a place to find a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas that have in the head.
But it takes a lot.
And as I thought this idea in invented I knew that I had a number of months to plan it, to find the different possibilities.
For example, the fish was able to be able to be able to be a fish.
The costs are from a different.
The suffering part was made in a piece of periphere.
And yes, even I made the house on the top of the island so that it would look like a little bit more.
So to make a real result I think it makes a lot of plant.
It always starts with a bone, an idea.
Then you have to change the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result that can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All of the tools are there and the only line is our picture.
Thank you.
I'm going to start showing you a device about technology, very open.
Please if you can put it.
This is a distribution that I took from a car market.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is about an article that we were doing about the power of the DNA microscopes will see the power of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this, as a lot of other people we used to see is kind of kind of a right line in the clinical scale.
In other words, every step of here is an order of market in the scale of the record.
I'm going to talk about technology with the serious careers is something new.
Here's something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights out.
I would need more attention because I would write about paper.
Why did we make technology care in the local scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal culture in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to do -- the difference would see something right.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I grab, for example, some other technology, like the transportation, in a serious career would be very strong, we would see a right line.
But if it happens something like this, it is a key change.
If the technology.
But it doesn't move to that way.
There are no price in the history of the technology of the technology of a growing growth that every few years.
The question I want to play is -- looking at these extraordinary creatures. We see that they don't follow it to be not quite enough.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a short corner -- I know like this until it takes something completely different or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I am opening, so I think maybe it will happen something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask you, is, what is that new way that you add the world?
So what new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very happy if we're involved in it.
I remember that the future is going on in the year 200 and people used to talk about what happens in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been started, year after year, over my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going to be a treatment. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different to express what we're doing today.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how could it be that transition that we experience it.
But to do that to have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think that the only way to understand it is taking difference and look at things along the time.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we take a few million years when the Earth was a great school race with a lot of chemicals that were coming around it.
If we look at the way that you get these chemicals to give us a idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theory in order to start to understand the origin with DNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, I had been able to deal with a lot of action with all sorts of chemical resources in their environment.
Some of those advances of action had a particular combination of chemicals that were made to be able to get a matter of the outside and so on.
And they started to discover.
And in a sense, those were the most private cell forms -- those advances of access.
But those robots were not living -- in the current sense, because each one of them had a record risk of chemicals on it.
And every time you get rid of the device of the chemicals that they get in.
And so every guy was a little bit different.
In fact, you have a little bit of a way that you have a better way to be better at the time to put up the chemical chemicals -- they grow more commercials, and they get more chemical and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life life, very simple life, but things were used to be interesting when these guys learned the size of the action.
In some way we don't understand very well these guys learned to share information.
They learned to get information, which was the growth of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they ended up in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allows them to remember what they were so that they were so that they were to be able to get up.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be supported since they evolved two million years ago.
Our remember, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same way.
In fact, each of them will be lived with exactly the same set of letters and the same code itself.
And one of the things I did just for diversity -- now we can write things with this code here.
So here I have 100 members of white pollution that I try to get to the security people of the army.
But I got -- I took this code -- the code has the common leaders that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA -- and he took it 10 to the 24 times.
And so if someone wants 100 million tons of my personal parallel, I have a lot of people for all of them -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a classroom that would have put it in a virus and would have been running out on the room.
What was the next happened?
I wrote the DNA was a interesting.
This was made these cells were happy about a billion years.
But then another big step in which things were taken very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information in the form of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can be able to interact DNA.
And so for example, for example, they evolved the relationship to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the perfect and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsible to perfect because the bacteria are community.
This communication gave that they were going to form communities that in a way, in a way, were together in that, and they had a subject.
And so they get out of that way or they went together, or they were going to be a community that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community.
And the point of influence happened when these communities were getting so much that, in fact, they were left and they decided to write all the growth of the community.
The next thing for life took other billion years old.
And in that stage we have molecular communities in a lot of different kinds of cells working together as a single organisms just as a single organisms together.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The cells of the skin is not going to be the heart of the heart, or the markets, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call an organization we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization we call
The next level happened within these community.
They started to open information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't make more to process information in community.
They're the natural structure.
The neurons are the advances that make the information that those cell communities built up.
In fact, they started putting into the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage there.
Because at that moment as an individual -- the learning was connected to the death of an organism and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, learn not to eat a certain deal because I knew bad and you get the last time that the food.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these research structures of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that were able to be able to look at that face from the development of individuals that were able to put that face out of that face of individuals that were able to have that
So the fact that the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures in the bottom of the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an industry.
It could happen in time to learn to learn it.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the treatment of community.
So for example, the most recent version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing research.
And I have a very complicated idea a very complicated idea.
I'm sitting here by having a lot of groups and with a summer, building a similar idea and contract, in your head that I had a certain animal with the me.
But we take something very complicated to do it in sound -- in sounds of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That is now allowed to start working as an organization as an organization now.
In fact, as a humans, we have started to make accessible.
Now we're going to go through similar personalities to the molecular organisms -- we get up our recording methods, and they have an information of information.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The showing -- the information, the video video, the CO2, and so on.
And that tells us in something much bigger -- faster and able to explore more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
They already saw the evolutionary example of you in which I produce certain evolution with the Congress program.
And now we have come up with the scale of time again.
The first stories of the story that told them a billion years every single one.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next language, the language.
And the next one, as the electricity seems to take just a few decades ago.
The process is really remotely, I guess advanced is the right word to name something that makes their own change.
How much more changes do it do.
And I think this is what we look at in this experience of the curve.
We see that the process is ready.
But I get my life by designing computers and I know that the mechanism that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent relatives of the recent revolution.
But now I design objects of such a complexity that would be impossible for me to tell you a little bit of conventional way.
I don't know that it makes each transportation in that machine.
There are thousands of billion dollars.
Instead of that, with the designers of The Mars Mars, we think of a level of activity, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't be able to be able to get a lot more far and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand good.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using finally, is the same.
We put it inside the machine an evolutionary process that goes on in the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a self-organization of infections.
And we said, please.
You could take these sensors of institutions at the way, to take all those programs -- and take those of them who are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I mean what I want.
Let's say that I want to hear numbers -- to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more likely to hear numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely that a lot of strange levels of institutions -- they get numbers -- so none of them do it.
But one of course, I could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer -- could you take 10 percent of those things that better did the task?
We take those and we choose the rest of it.
And now we're going to go back to the bottom of the numbers of the numbers now.
And we went back to them by following a process of recording to the sex.
So let's take two programs -- which will make children, that they have substances, and that the children are going to be able to be the products of both problems.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, please.
California again.
And I understand some molecules.
And I tried to try and play with another generation with another generation of it.
Well, every generation takes a few miles.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or a few minutes, in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we end up with program.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written in hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to take you together to see how they work.
These are dark programs that are dark program.
But they put the company.
In fact, I know, I have the sure that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives.
Once I was in a 1970 with Mars Michael and I went out to me, and he says, look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a secret floor? You don't make it feel a consequence?
We know that the engineers of engineers don't work very well when they get complexity.
So we started to depend on the computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than the normal engineers of the normal energy.
However, we don't understand about all the choices that there are there.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much more fast and so we can be able to explore these much more quickly.
Or it is really remarkable.
The thing is getting more fast and that's why I think it looks so constantly.
Because all of these technologies are represented.
We are depressing.
And we are at a moment at the age of the college organisms when they became molecules.
We are the friends and we can't understand what we're going to do.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very remarkable from our part to think that we are the end of the evolution of education.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes in.
But now it comes up and I think I'm going to stop here before I got up to me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that's me.
And I've heard the enough time to allow me to get a part of my own prison in that.
Before I treat the issue of my talk, we talk a little bit about biology.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the world.
We love the biology, right?
The biology is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics there.
It's going to be born to "The roots -- I talk about the statistics and use them to form a big team of biology.
I would focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the base of bank.
And we talk about 300 of a balance that makes 300 percent.
That means that the basis of the basis of every 10 times.
That means to take the ball to the game of game without being addressed, and that anyone who tried to put it to the first basis -- it doesn't get time, and the second basis will be saving it.
three.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lesleans."
Well, it's really good, maybe the team of the stars of the stars.
You know how they call a bit of biological biology, right?
By the way, that is someone who about 10 people, about four percent.
Let's be like Law Law Langley, the last play of the World Library in Benki to get more than 400 miles in a regional temperature.
Now we're going to take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less increasing, after what I'll tell you today.
They guess that they have approaches and they are depressed to a surgeon that has also a 400 dollars in advances.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a place and a way to be a little bit of the two order and their family drugs and his family doctor is going to be a carbon whose regime is in 2007.
But you know something.
She's going to make this year.
And their act has been 24.
This is not work.
But I will ask you.
What do you believe that it should be the average of an act of a heart carbon or a shoes of a name or a global object?
1,000 very well.
And the truth of the point is that no one in all of the medicine knows the act of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I even even have to be perfect.
And you never have to make a strange and try to figure out how to do it good.
That was the message that I was going on when I was in the medicine.
I was a completely complicated students.
Once one time, a company in the high school said that Bill Geographic was going to have a blood space.
And so that is what it looks like.
I was studying in my little decade, in the University of the George Hollywood Revolution, not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
And from my kind of animal, I'm going to make the order and the manufacturing work -- the record of every art that comes out of the face -- the hard difference and the not the notion.
And I even met the different difference about how to pick up the region of recording record.
And as I got more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I got a lot of men.
And you go from the medical school of medicine that if you look at it, then I would know everything or the most possible thing about it, because this is the way that I'm going to get out of the errors.
And it works for a time, until I met the Dragon Dela.
And I was a resistance in a college hospital here, in Torah when they were brought to the name of emotions that I was working with.
And at that point I was left to the careful service for the career.
And when you get a chance to be able to turn to a carbon I took me to that patient to the patient to that patient
And you get to the resident of researchers.
When I saw the Dragon Debresia, I was distributed.
I heard a solid sound.
And when I put it, I heard a statistical sound in both side, which I was inspired by a construction structure.
In these conditions the heart stop working and instead of looking at the blood towards it, the blood goes to the plants, these are full of blood -- and that's why there is a hard to respond to it.
And it wasn't hard to deal with.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
And I gave him anti-active and medicine.
And I gave him digital papers, so that it could be able to be light.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I eat the first team, he sent her home.
In fact, I eat two more.
He sent her home without talking to the reservation of responsibility.
I didn't take the phone and I did what I should have done, which was called my head and turn it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a result that would be able to be able to be a conservation of it.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of my patients without even telling my state.
The second thing that I eat was worse was worse for it.
When I looked at her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest who said, "Look, it's not a good idea. You don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure I asked him to the name that he was going to the Dragon shower, you think it's good if you go to your house?
And the name was thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be okay.
I remember that as if it was year.
So it was going to look at the high step, and the player with the paradigms they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital.
I went through the services of the way to go home.
And there is another number, not the one that I was born from the Dragon state before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most of the media doctors are going on.
Other species are going to be also as well, but there's a particles in electricity and is that we look at the patients.
The three words are, you get you?
It comes out of the patient who sent his house?
And I asked the other name with natural street.
"Well, she went back to the same piece of voice.
She was good.
But I went back and the bottom of death.
At the end of a time of having come to his house, after I gave her high head, I had a color and his family called the 1990s, the paradigms were brought into an amazing pressure of 50 miles of Haiti, which means a serious search.
And I was just recorded and was blue up.
The personal personal personal person is all their resources.
And they gave me medicine to keep the artificial pressure of it.
And they put it an artificial experiments.
And I was connected to a contrast to the modern.
I had a sense of feeling because after the state was in the early training and waiting against every hope that would be recorded.
And in the two or three days it was evidence that I would never be able to stop.
I had a real brain day.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they went out to what was going on.
And at the next day, they let him go to go. The Dragon Dralic, wife and goal.
They say that they never forget the numbers that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next week, I took me through it and experiment for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just just to feel just that hand blood because you can't talk to your colleagues with your colleagues with you.
You do the legs and never more eat that error.
It is that space that you leave a teacher.
And the mass space that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad for it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my statement. He was a life.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I looked at things and make sure that they wouldn't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my story? Why did he sent her home home, why did he sent her home.
And in my worst moments -- why do you eat a big stranger, so too."
Why did I get medicine?
It's just a little bit of that feeling that was depressed.
And I started to feel better.
And in a new day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun. And I asked me if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with me where if I was going to get the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not eat more embarrassments, it would be able to be able to get those voices out.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the employees in a hospital.
I was very excited and put up.
And he sat here.
I looked at his rainforest, I was a little bit.
And he looked at it personalized and he sent it into his house.
But while he gets up to the next door by looking at his rainforest.
Two days later, when I came to do my car change -- my study asked me to talk to me about his office.
And I put up the three words -- you get you?
I remember the patient who saw a pain in the rate.
And he came back and I didn't have a straight factory.
I had a completely wonderful approach called microbes.
You can look at it in Google -- it's a influence, not from the rain, but in the top goes out there -- and it can cause the number of those go.
He said, "I didn't know.
And you have an amazing thing.
And then you go through the same period and records, then I got up and go back to work, until it happened over and again, and again.
Two times in the same course of groups, I don't have any approaches.
And it's a big effort -- especially to work in a hospital because you get to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it has been a decade.
One of them thought that I had a real clinic.
You hear a region of robots, but it was normal -- a color that I was moving into the patient lost a lot of sense in the bottom right and called the surgery.
The other patient was with a lot.
And I put it back to you to represent and I asked my colleagues to do it.
You get it and when you get a certain sense in the bottom of the right, I called the surgery.
And they were both opening up and they went out of well.
But every case I was supposed, I was disconnected.
But I'd like to tell you that I eat the worst mistakes in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a beautiful.
The most scientists have been over the last five years.
Just addressed and without support.
And here is the problem, if I can't look at and talk about my errors, if I can't find the voices that I tell me what happens to me, how could I share this with my colors.
How do I show you this so they don't eat the same elements?
If I go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talking about fraction, after failure, after failure?
And of course in one end you will talk about the members of other doctors -- but they won't hear someone to talk about their own.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well as a train in my hospital.
This is the system that we have.
The total relationship of the errors.
It's the system in which there are two positions, the ones who are going to be embraced and the ones that you can't walk up and the ones that you have to do is, and the ones that have the results.
And it's almost like a international reaction -- as animals that start to add that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to the people who are going to be able to be a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years as a difference and a medical prison, I have made a personal personal study and doctors and doctors to learn how possible it is, from the first article that I wrote for the Toyon I'm going to go to the Toyon Steve to my program, "White Arthur.
And what I learned is that teachers are more modern.
We work in a system where teachers are going on every day, where one in every 10 private drugs in the hospital are wrong.
In this country, they die 24 dollars for the extra medical drugs in this country.
The United States of the United States stayed 100 dollars.
In both cases, it comes from superconductors -- because we are not getting the problem as we should be.
And so they are things.
A hospital.
The practice of the dream is investigating all of it.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have the cognitive systems that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with a patient in the screen.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the brain, and it comes back with the eyes and the attack and a surface, and suddenly my story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things just like that.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't get their symptoms always in the same way.
And by all of this, teachers are internationally.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we choose all the problems in the way, well, it's not going to get any one.
And with people who don't want to talk about their most great cases?
In my program, "I "Distain white art -- it's already a concept to say, "This is my worst error. I would tell you all from the paradigm to the state of the carbon school, this is my worst stranger, "That's my worst stranger.
And his students were going to be able to say, they would go down the head and they were going to start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't eat the same test."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a recording medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The average doctor is human -- you know human it, and it doesn't take it out of their mistakes -- but it was effort to learn how to teach each other.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those of them who talk about their errors.
It sounds like other people not with the trying to get them up, but in a love way and support for all of you are going on.
And I work in a medical culture that recognize that human beings are doing the system, and when this happens to each other, they eat emails of time.
My name is Bill George.
I am a recording medicine.
I'm human.
And I feel a lot that I feel a lot of to learn something that can bring others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me tell you with three personal words, I remember it.
You know how many decisions do we take one day.
Do you know how much we do in a week?
I did a little bit more than over 200 people and the average amount of choice that says to be able to get a half an average American -- it's about 70 percent a day.
It doesn't make a lot, in a research for a week to a week to a group of companies of companies in it.
The researchers came up with the different things that are dependent on these experiments.
They found that, in the way, they have 170 jobs per week.
Now, every job is in a lot of memories.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just 12 percent or more of their time.
Now think about their choice.
You know how many of you are going to be a six minutes.
How do you carry the way that you get those decisions in the way that you have to make those decisions down.
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of action, to choose before the open surgeon.
I want to talk to you about the problem and a few solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question, as I am a blind -- you get your hand only if you want to be carried.
In the other way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive for a paradigm.
And now my first question of the day -- they're ready to hear the problem of the superconductor of open operation?
Thank you.
And it was a stage from the University of the University of Stanford, I was able to be a very, very high level of level -- at least in that time it was very surprising.
It's called Democrats.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There was a lot of different kinds of death and goal, more than 500 different kinds of freedoms and versions and about 25 percent water. And this was when we took water out of the graph.
I love to go to that story, but in one point I asked me, why did you never buy it?
So this is the state of the open action.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of distances, including the ones who were in the military trees.
Once I decided I decided to visit the genome and I asked him, "You know this structure to offer all these optimisms.
And he sat up the base of the surgeons that came all the day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with the missions.
Harmony.
They had 24 different kinds of different class.
So let's try to be able to be able to figure out, right at the front of the state.
We put out there in the top of six deaths, or from 24 different data and we look at two things, first of all, where people were willing to try to test the memory?
More people were given when there was 24, one percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a piece of metal.
So here we find the effect of it.
The ones who were given when there was 24 percent to buy members.
What they were looking at when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the cars, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six -- that if they found 24 that if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if
Well, to decide that we don't buy a lot of us probably considered us -- -- -- less is good to get the line, but it turns out that the problem of the order of choice will affect us to be a very traditional decisions for us.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day -- the financial signal.
So I'm going to tell you a study that I did with Garbia Harvard, East King and World Japan, in which we look at the decisions about the action of about a million Americans in this country.
It was interested in seeing if the number of forest forests available in plants of sandwich to advance, the Prize program.
And we found that there was actually a corporation.
We had 75 plants that were going from two different objects.
And we found that the biggest thing was the number of forces -- there were less participation.
So if we look at the extraordinary, we see that in the plants that are going to get two forces, the rate rate was 50 or more, not as high as you want to.
And in the plants that are going to be about 60 degrees -- the rate rate on the middle of the 1960s.
It turns out that even if you decide if you decided to participate -- when there are more objects.
So for the ones that they decided to participate -- how much more it was the number of choices -- more people were involved to avoid the actions or the informed forces.
And in the way there were more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the bottom of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we're going to grow up to apply the future of the future.
In the previous decade we have seen three major negative consequences to the more and more possibility and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- which is still when this will go against the interest of the interest in the own.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the factors and the health.
They are more likely to spend less sexuality, even though they are going to be better.
The main reason is that we were able to look at that variety of manufacturer, showing, community and member, but we are not able to make the cars to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to compare and choose from that
So today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've thought about, in a way or others, in different research, so that they can get in their business.
The first is, County.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always get when I say, "Carriel."
They care about losing space in the world.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decided to cut up, I will get out of the really strange operations -- there will be an increase in the vehicles, will be a better experience in the choice.
And when I prove God Galaxy spent from 25 different kinds of Telescope from Shark and Sandy to 15 percent of them saw an increase of 10 percent.
And when the Colonies California Camp care of the products for tablets that are less survived, they were used by the university in 99, for two careers, and much better costs.
And you know that the survival today, in the average of 40 products.
In a state of Wikipedia they get up about 100 products.
But the largest state has bigger in the current world is Alexander and offer only 1,000 products -- a kind of state of taking it into the land.
And in the world of the financial mistakes -- I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to make the choices better is the plant of David Langley, the Harry program.
All of the employees of Harvard are excited to a sense of life.
And they really want to be able to get up, you get 20 degrees -- not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of these are important.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, and let me tell you the differences that there are between those objects.
And if your employees can not be able to be able to do their cells.
This later, before I started this series, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people in this audience -- a factory with all of you to the most beautiful career in the world.
Here's a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you with a few seconds to read and then I want you to give you a car if you're ready to take the Sand of Garbage.
(Audience: Okay. No one who is ready to accept the surgeon.
They're not more, right?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trial.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it's actually a more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first room, which in the second. But I can add and say that they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technology to keep the problem of the optimistic superconductor that is Congress.
So for people to understand the differences between objects -- they have to understand the consequences of every open thing, and the consequences have to feel very live in a very visual way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 to 30 to 30 percent in average when you use distribution or critical than when you use effect?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that you can make it more real. It can be a very positive tool so that people are going to be more positive to it.
We did a study with Sanda Benki and San Prizentantic, on the person of India -- that they worked in NASA -- these people were in a meeting where they were getting up to a 44-year-old plan.
And at that point, we found exactly how it comes up, we did a little adult.
And what we add was that we set up to the person who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they would get more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the 20 and a half in the amount that they were interested in save or in what they wanted to put in your statements of signals, about four percent.
The third technology is California.
We can keep more cars than observations.
For example, this is a study that we did in a statement of records.
And we saw that in the Los Angeles over the top of the northern of the roof, the exploration of resources can get since 37 different kinds of different types to 17.
But you know?
Because the culture was interested in how to figure out.
These are two explosions of Johnson.
One is called "The "Parass and the other, "Shame.
If you think that the left of the left is San and the right of the right is Japan, they have a paradigm.
(Audience: Well, there's some of them.
If you think the left on the left is Japan and the right of the right is Santa -- they have a paradigm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left on the left is Japan and the right of the right is Santa but you know something.
And this is completely internationally.
The cars have to identify something to the specialization, not when you do it.
You can often see this problem with those huge list of forces.
Just who are they information?
My fourth career, will control the community.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than we think about it, if we just have a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity of the complex.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the company of a car.
So this is a factory factor of cars that allow you to think about it.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that offer each one.
College, color color of the car -- I have 55 possible.
Mother, box changes. four objects.
What I'm going to do is to make the order in which the decisions are.
So half of the cells are going to go out of a lot of choices -- 55 colors to a few feet, four box.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a few objects.
And what am I going to look at it?
So what so involved you are.
If you get up the bottom for the bottom in every decision -- this guess that they're addicted, or we are losing them.
We found that the ones who go from a lot of choices at the time, they put the forest by the bottom over and again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they get there.
The same information, the same number of objects.
The only thing I did was to take the order where the information.
If we start with the easy thing -- you learn to spend it.
Even though you put it up the box of changes that I don't say anything about the president of the inside of the inside of any ways we were ready to choose it.
We have a product that we're building is that we now have more analogy with the process.
To get up.
I've been talking about four techniques to look at the problem of the operation of the operation, Congress, to be able to get right up, Congress, to make it real -- California, we can make more careers with less options, to drive the complexity together.
All of these techniques I've been designed to do was designed to help the articles, or better for you, to use them in their issues or for the people who are going to do.
It's that I think the key to get the best thing to get the best of a choice is being caused by the space.
And how much more cars are we going to be in our better, we can be able to practice the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1990s, at the Middle East Institute, if you had a machine to write it to the government.
I had to remember a piece of example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to bring up the supply of the text
If you found a written with the right message they could be able to make the surface to the order of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, the way that this is going to look at the freedom of explanation.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color color of any big paradigm of any big face, and I bought a page -- that page would end up having a few yellow pictures in every page that makes them a pattern that makes them just from one and his printer.
That's happening today.
And no one looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in line we can add the attention.
There are three main groups.
They're the criminals.
As the Mr. Debree Germany from the city of King, in Europe.
The cell cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the scanners to make a lot of money, including amounts.
There are really many cases of millions of miles in line.
This is Vietnam Star, from Talk, Station.
This is All January Germany.
This is San War.
This is Barbie Sun.
These are Marcus Anderson: The Dan early etc. etc. etc.
These guys are doing their faces in line, but they do it by the clinical media by giving up money in order to break money out of our questions when we buy in line.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, controlled the surface of this service, San Japan, and this question was 17 million dollars when it was collectively.
The Mr. Japan supply survives. You know his paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us will be worth of a record that in a real direction.
And it's very obvious that this is going out of bad in worst time.
In the future, most of the companies will happen in line.
The second group of advances in important that we look at today is not moving through the money.
There is another thing that I move in, they move the proteins, and they move them up, they give them the possibilities.
groups like Americans have developed in the last 12 months on the last 12 months.
Those are the three main antibiotics, the creatures that do it for money, the devices as Andresses who do it to protect and the last group is the national state of the governments that are going on.
And then we see cases like Democracy.
That is a good example of global attention against their own cities.
Discovery is a city of Carrier Carsonians, or, actually, it was.
Destruction is the last one because of a spectrum.
They took the security of the site and they put a career.
And last week I asked him, in a representation with the Human government -- I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people to the attack to Deniar.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people want to cause a car of this?
Distributed is a certain automobile.
They sell crazy.
So what are you going to make the consequences?
Well, you need if you have a website with hospitals, service services, services like Google.
I'm going to have a very super-spiritual curiosity.
And that they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to come on.
And in the case of Delayan happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prize, and those things that have happened, for example, in Europe."
Well, in Europe.
In the front of those patterns was this carbon carbon career.
And within that room there was notes of a company with seat in Mandela that had sold the government government to try to be a great scale of the cities of the country.
And they had sold this tool for 250 dollars to the economic government.
The power of the company is right here.
It is, the Western governments are going to be tools to the total governments to do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago was found a couple of weeks ago -- a train used by the food government to research to their own cities.
If you are support in a very good case, it's quite obvious that his phone is interacting.
But today.
It takes the connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Shark Shark to influence our computer with a train to allow us to see all the communication and to listen to the distributions in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but I really don't affect me because I am a human city.
Why do you present?
I don't have anything to come on.
And that architecture doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Profession is not disconnected.
It's not a question of the private against security against security against
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could be able to trust our governments today in 2010, any right that we have to do today, will be forever.
We are going to go up in any future government in a future that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya at the top of the National National Park.
So these are the voices of my dad -- at the way, and behind the values, the National National Park.
The National National Paul has not got close in the most part of the ground -- which means that animals are going to be able to get out of the parent.
And destinations, like legals, and this is what they do.
You kill our garden.
This is one of the ones who killed on the night, and so soon we went up in the morning, and we found it death to me because it was the only thing that we have.
My community, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to make them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up a lot of leaders a lot.
The die are war to protect our community and the garden, and they're also moving with the problem.
So they kill lines.
This is one of the six laws that they killed in National.
I think that there is so few at the National Nature of National.
A child in my community, in the age of six at the age of the age of the age of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use freedom, because I thought the lights would give them fear of it.
But I realized that it doesn't really service it, because I even helped the lights to see the state of it.
I did not get me. He went on.
A second idea was to use a specialization.
I was trying to stop the laws to believe that I was close to the state.
But the lessons are very smart --  They came the first day and they saw the species, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and they said, and they said, this thing doesn't move up, it's always here.  So they went out and they were doing animals and they were born and they were born and they were born and they were born and
So one night I was walking around the state with a statement and that day the lights didn't come in.
I discovered that the lessons have fear to the light that goes around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a interface that I will learn and put the lights out.
And this is a little line of a red line.
I love everything.
And as you can see, the solar page is going to go down the boat and the base of the electricity to the little individual box -- I call it a transportation.
And the individual box makes the lights depressed.
As you can see, you can see the bottles to outside it, because that's where the lights come from.
And this is how you see it when you look at it when they come from night.
The lights are distributed and they get the lights to think that I'm walking through the station, but I'm working on my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house about two years ago, and since then, we never come back to a problem with the legs.
And the houses of the summer had the idea.
One of them is this grandmother of this.
And she had been killed by a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said I know.
You can see them -- you can look at the bottom -- these are the lights for legality.
And since then, I've been interested in seven houses in my community and they're looking at a lot.
And my idea is also used right now by Kenya, so that they are going to be able to get other designers as you stayed, legal and it's also using them to be able to support the freedoms.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the way to get a baby in one of the best schools in Kenya.
So my new school now is helping sure that you can get out and to be able to get out there.
And I even took my friends to my community, and we launched lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the professors of the knew I was going on to my father, and I used to look at them to fly up, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I are.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time at TED.
My big dream is to get to be an energy and a piece of paper when I grew up.
And I used to get to the legs, but now as my invention is looking at the voices of my dad and the gentlemen, we can be with the lights without any conflict.
And what you do in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine the exciting thing that is to listen to a story like the young.
So I got a banking. Richard Texas."
CA: You are working on other electrical innovation.
What is the next in your leader?
RB: My next invented -- I want to make a close close -- CA: A close near electricity?
RB: I know that they were involved in the electrical close -- but I want to do the me.
CA: So I was going to do this once once once -- right?
We're going to add in every step that you know, friend me.
Thank you very much. DP: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up a song called a song called "Novel started.
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of King Institute, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that South America, Japan from South Africa, Japan are enemies.
Even though I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Angeles until everything changed for it.
When I was seven years old.
But I thought my life in North York was normal at all.
My family was not poor and I had never spent men.
But one day, in 1993, my mom I went home a letter of the color of my brother.
And he said, "When do you read this, the five members of the family will stop out in this world, because we haven't moved in the two weeks past.
We are taken together in the floor and our bodies are so darkness, that we are ready to die to die.
I was very straight.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I walked in front of the strategy of transportation, I saw something terrible I can't get out of my memory from me.
A woman without life was dead on the street, including a school child in their arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very worried about them and their family.
A huge hormone took the North Angeles at the middle of the 1980s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the honor and only a few of them were going to be able to start on the state of the tree and the tree of the tree control.
They also did more and more freedom of energy -- all my around it was completely on the night on the night of the sea in China.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a social picture of North York in the night compared with the green countries.
So this is the Robert Art, which is a limit between North York and China.
And as you can see, the river can be very open in certain points -- allow us to be able to be secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw body bodies in the river
I can't recognize the details of how I came out of North York in North York but I can only say that during the years of the honor I was sent to China to live with the low parts.
But I just thought I would be sitting from my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be as a national resistance.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also dangerous -- because the North Pole.
And so I was living with a complete fear that my identity was recorded, and it would be represented to a horrible destination of back in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles
And one day, my worst parallel was made by the Chinese police and I was inspired by the Chinese police and they were involved in the public station.
Some of me had used to be northern, then they took my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was all three.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it doesn't seem natural -- it could be stressed and depressed.
I thought my life.
But I got to control my emotions and I told the questions.
At the end of the individual an office said to another one, this was a fantastic resource. She's not naturally.
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some neurons in China would look at it in the extra ends.
But many of you may be taken by the Chinese police and the developing police of it.
These women had a lot.
And even though they have made them, they were essentially limited after a single international progress.
These neurons did not have so much.
Every year, you know, non-degree non-degrees are caused in China and developed to North Angeles where they are straightforward, and they are stressed or experienced in public people.
Even though I was supported to start, a lot of other neurons have not had so much.
It's traditional that the news have to open their ideas and fight as hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all their world can be used in a institution.
This is why after 10 years of collecting my identity -- I've decided to be able to go to Superbort from South America.
And I started a new life again.
And I'm going to get in South Angeles was a much bigger challenge than I hope.
The English was very important in South Angeles in South Africa, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and Sub.
We are all corresponds, but in the end, we've got to be very different because of 17 years of distribution.
You even go through an idea of ideas.
I'm supported or normal?
Where am I me? Who am I me?
And so, there was no country that I could call me with my own profession.
Even though I'm going to add the life in South York -- it was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started studying for the University of income to the University of universe.
And then when I started to add my new life, I got a call called a career called it.
And the University of North York interviewed a little bit of money that sent my family, and as a statement, my family was going to be distributed to the force to the force in the future.
They had to have to have to have a mind.
So I started to plan how to help us go to it.
The rules have to travel long differences in the way to the freedom to the way.
It is almost impossible to grow the face between North York and Country Country.
So finally, I took a back to China and I love me to the face with North York in North Angeles in North Angeles in North Angeles in the North States.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese -- I had to get them up, in a way, for over three billion miles through China and then through the Sunshed Sun.
The journey in cars took a week, and we almost went up a few times.
Once one time, our car was developed and accepted by a Chinese police.
He asked the identity of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be ready.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I immediately put me up and I told him that they were known people who was going on.
And I looked at me surprisingly but I did believe me.
We did all the way to the face of London.
But I had to spend almost all my money to be able to put up the freedom flowers in Landon.
But even after I was going to spend the freedom, my family.
And after pay markets and sounds, my family.
But at the time, my family.
This was one of the most low dots in my life.
I did everything for my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was recorded in the top of the University of the Shark Earth.
I was and I came between the office office and the police of the police, and it was just trying to deal with my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more likely or markets.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask, "What is the problem, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a knowledge was going to be able to ask it.
With my poor English and with a diagram, he explained the situation -- and without discovered, the man went to the car and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two neurons and put them out of privacy.
I took up with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
I'm not helping you.
"I am helping the normal village to the normal.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the support need a new hope.
And I showed you that the battery of the knowledge and the support of the international community are really the experts of hope that the normal village needs it.
Over time, after our long journey -- my family and I put up in the South Pole.
But to get his freedom is only half the bank.
A lot of neurons are sitting out of their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit or nothing of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of the English language of work, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North York and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside there, and we put information and money and money that is helping change North York in the front of it.
I have been very support, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help sure to give you a chance to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I'm sure you are going to see more and more neurons who are getting around the world.
Thank you.
I live in center Sun.
So this is Central Steve -- and you have local food.
And so the planets of the city went together and they thought, we're going to change the name of central Center to represent something else -- so they changed them to the Arabic Arthur, as if this is really wrong in the city.
So this is the Subs Supermarket.  You know, you have a little bit of lovely, forced faces.
At the same thing that 275 million other Americans are living in a food.
And the thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of the cultural diseases in the Argentina Center Center.
For example, the rate rate in my summer is five times higher than we say, Bill Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I love to see that this happens.
And I asked me, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food and if every time you go out of house you see the effects that the current food system has in your radio.
I look at them and I looked at them and sold them as cars used to be used as well.
I see centers of digital plants like States.
And it turns out that this should be painting.
I consider the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also have to be able to get 45 minutes of walk and go back to buy a song that doesn't have presentations.
What I did -- it was to plan a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a land.
It's about 45 years old.
The point is, it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to do in garden, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
That's how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Dr. Green Greenland, and we began to plan our food forest and the front trees -- you know, the new completely different voices -- you know, all the whole new searches.
What we do, we are kind of kind of a set of set of group by putting up by the shoes of all the products -- all the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is failed.
And the star, I was beautiful.
And then someone goes down.
And the city came up to me and suddenly gave me a character saying that I had to reduce my flood, the corner was made by a short order.
And I said to me, "You know, right?
A statistical order to plan food in a piece of land that no one impossible?  So I was like, "Well, you see?
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
Library.
We had the virus in our hands.
My contractor even called me to say that they were going to go up and they took what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why isn't it?
Libeling. It's the United States of the United States with more balanced.
It has 77 miles of balanced terrorists.
That's equivalent to 20 Penns Park.
That's a enough enough to plan 75 million plants of talk.
Why does it not look like this?
I will grow a plant to give a thousand services.
When one dollar of gentlemen, I'll give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my strange, when I say to people, I grow your own food.
It will grow your own food is how you could print your own money.
You see, I have a lesson for Central Sun.
I grew up there. I grew up my kids there.
I remember to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The land is my grandmother, I grew my art.
Just like a graphic artists -- which is employed steels, I took surgeons, shorts.
I use the shoe, the Earth, as a piece of start, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my employee.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is a line and how they affect people.
What happened?
I am about how my husband became a tool of education, and it comes from my virus.
To change the community, you have to change the complexity of Earth.
We're the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how the kids are.
The land is the most traditional act that they can do, especially in a group.
Also, they get farmers.
I remember a open, who came a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 1950s, and they were in my flood, and they go out and they look very support.
And I said, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a right.
I felt search when you see people who was so close to me, and this is just why I do this, people ask me, "All the people ask me, "All right?
What I say, by God no, I don't have fear that you're going to go to record?
So that's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to take your health.
There was another thing that I put a shoe in a record to deliver in the center of the Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me deliver the way.
It was fantastic, they shared his stories about how this had been left and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother and it was failed to see how it changed them, so just for a moment.
This is how Google Green has come to plan maybe 20 dollars.
We've had to have about 50 people who come in, they work and participated, all of them in the flying place.
If the kids are going on, the kids are going to eat color.
If you grow talks, you eat talks.  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're approaching. I see the color kids that are in this way that they are in this way that you don't take them to any side.
With the warming, I see an opportunity where we can bring these kids out of their communities to have a subjective life.
And when we do this, who know?
You may be produced by the next George Washington, Carolina.
But if we don't change the complexity of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants, this is something I want to do.
I want to plan all of a couple of sheets, where people can share food in the same car.
I want to take you up and turn them into health care.
I don't make me.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not subjective.
And the curiosity of subject, is that you have to get it.
And what I'm talking about is to be able to work people to go to the kids in the street -- that you know the car, the proud and the honor of creating their own food -- open market market market market market.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want you all to become an effective record, you know, shorts are started.
We have to change the subject of what's a show.
If you're not a face, you're not a show.
So you take the people to take your parent part?
That is your choice of choice.
In surgery, if you want to get with me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit up in the common chimpanzees and have records to talk about doing some -- to talk about doing some way.
If you want to look at them, they come back to the wall with his screen so that we can plan something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music mineral.  You probably all will agree with me in which this is a very nice camera.
It's made of station, and it's a good material to get up, but not always -- especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the sandwich that he was supposed.
And especially if you go on in your biology and these cars go out, that's not very superintelling.
It can also do a lot of reason.
It is a crazy material and if we build gentlemen, like in the Banks -- very close to the cities, we wanted a similar career.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
And the particular particular, a material that we use now in most of the gentlemen, and the water can go through it, and the water can go through it, so all the water water will go up to the side, and they will be able to get water for which it is easy to be enough, and they're not going to save water.
The noise will also be able to get in these parents.
Because it's very short, all of the noise will get up, so it is a very similar camera.
It also has details, of course, and the dependence of this career is that you can get it.
So what is you going to do it? You see that in this room of the surface.
First of all, a period, then a few more and more and more and more, and so on, and then you -- and then you can do that.  But you can give you your paradigm, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more days.
Sometimes you can create banks with that.
There it is.
You know, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the day is in this materials.
This is a particular particular, as I said, so it only has a little amount of attention between the paintings.
Because of the engineer, at the top of the operation, this atmosphere, this beauty, the paradigm between the rights, and if you go in, and if you go up, they will make them members and will be supposed to be the advances.
So if you go through the career, they will get the leaders, as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think of the artists of advice.
So if we can make this material be addressed, then we probably have a solution.
And so what we can do is to use it is to be used in the top of that to clean them, and we can cut up the line in a very small teachers, and we can make those little teachers with the beauty of the baby.
So we have a lot of steps with a little bit of water on it.
Then you need a machine -- like the ones you see here, that you use to collect -- a machine.
The industry can care about, especially the summer, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to be able to be able to be carrying the board, and I will go down the beauty -- the beauty will get out of these microbes and the legs will be looking back at the surface.
Today, I used a market of microscopes, because I can't bring the great innovation machine here.
And the middle of microbes is a similar system.
I put the show that I'm going to go out to see what happened.
This is the show that goes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab in the lab in the lab to cut the show to the shows.
We tried a lot of shows there, and then the government, they actually saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try and try it.
So they gave us a piece of career, 400 feet of the 1870s, where we had to make a terrorist of trial to test this material to test this material together.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test and then, of course, this room will give a number of years without any day. That's what we know about the practice that we know from practice -- that's what we know from practice -- that's what we know from practice -- that's what we know from practice -- that's what we know from
We take a lot of shows of this room and we test them in the lab.
We did a lot of shows -- we put it a lot of carbon in them, and we looked at it then with our industrial machine.
We can remember this many times.
Well, to control, I can tell you that we've done a material using the face of the room, including these fields, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the career, even they can take a lot of money with a very simple.
And now, of course, they have a curiosity of whether this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot here.
In fact, you have to deal with first before I can show you how it comes up with it.
But I'm going to do a trial.
Let's look at it. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound in my house.
My father was listening to GDP in his little grandmother roof.
I had a big subject in his face that was an increase in those time, because the news are usually depressed.
"The states were they were graduated.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a high school school.
One morning that will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to get to my greatest brother that I couldn't be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two we could get up.
Every day, we took a different risk so that no one could be able to support where we are.
We had to open the books in the market.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us in a little room.
It was a little bit in the invisible, but it was extremely heat in search.
We all knew that we had our lives, the protection, the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and
And again, the school was running up by a week because the states were supposed.
We always asked us what they knew about us.
They were following us.
They knew where we live in.
We were failed, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total representation of a remote proposition of Afghanistan.
But my mother had been been been broken.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to become our house in school for girls and women from our virus.
And my father, this is, was the first one of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education, even their children, despite the cars, despite the risks to go out of the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to explore their children.
Over the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very familiar by our life and it was always standing and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to get up, but my father said, "You know, my God, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So, you don't want to get it?
I have 24 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been designed by decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the ball, and if my family wouldn't have been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I find this proud of gravity in Microsoft Congress.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother that was except from his home for the value of education to his children, was one of the first ones to happy.
He doesn't just get rid of my college temperature, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who took it through the streets of Kanish.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big -- but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I am the global land of 1960, a global company to explore women.
This is why it's so supported by the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan.
And the exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire of accepted the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, as the ones -- you get it out of them, despite them and even in front of a developed position.
As John. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face -- but Japan is the father of one of my students.
It was less than a month ago, he and his daughter was going on from his village to his village -- and literally they were able to be killed by a boat in the way, for minutes.
When you get to his home, they are the phone -- a voice he was told that if I kept to send his daughter to school, they would go back to it.
"I want you to go on, if you do, he said, "But I'm not going to give you the future of my daughter for their old and restricted ideas.
What I've given me about Afghanistan -- and it's something that is completely forget in the West -- is that behind most of us who we focus, there is a father that he recognized the value of his daughter and that you see the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they actually are the first ones in the future of the future of their children, but in the context of a society.
By the shoes, the girls who went to school are getting in hundreds of them, remember, it was income.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan.
I find that Americans see the fragile of change.
I think these changes don't spend a lot, after the face of the U.S.
But when I came back to Afghanistan when I saw students in my school and their parents who are going to be able to get out of them, I see a future future.
For me, Afghanistan.
As I me, they get a big thing.
Thank you.
I've never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Hait, responds to Galaxy.
But you never become a regular revolution record.
They have spent almost two years since it was the free revolution inspired by the sounds of mass movements so much of the energy revolution as a equipment.
One forces with a lot of other free cities, in and outside of the country to call one day of force and get a revolution.
And we did it -- it was a big revolution.
And women and young men were in the surgeon, and they get up the each of the region, and they are going to be able to fight and distribution and social systems.
They have shown a value to take a value of the distribution of Galaxy.
They have shown a great sense of soldiers from the Middle East, to the operation, to the surface.
And finally, after a period of six months of bad war and a lot of about 50 dollars, we were able to deal with our country and bring it into the sea.
And yet, Galaxy left a corner state -- a letter of the street, corruption and services of advance.
For four decades -- the terrorism of Galaxy shows the information, the culture and the moral structure of the free society.
Constant of the device and the challenges -- I've wanted a lot of other women to represent the free civil society.
And they were about 200 organizations in Brazil, and I immediately after the Galaxy of Galaxy.
After a 35 years of experiment, I went back to Liberia and with a single thing, I started to organize states about the development of able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to develop
With an incredible group of women we were working on the platform of women who are London Laborators by peace -- a movement of women.
I found with a very hard environment in the pressure period -- an environment that was getting more politically, which is model of the political policy and exception.
And over time, our innovation was supported and successful in time.
The women won about 15 percent of the National University in the first few years.
However, a little bit of electricity, the electricity of choice and the revolution as a everything -- they were dependent, every day we found news of violence for us.
So one day we went up with the news of the ancient metal medication and the surgery of the surgery of the ancient memory.
Another day I love with the news.
Another day we went up with the news.
And every day, every day we went up with the government of the military and their violence of the human rights of the human rights and their lack of respect of the law of the law.
Our society, made by a religious mind, and it gets more, and it has been left from the ideas and the beginning of freedom -- distribution, social justice -- that we had to the beginning.
The institution, the exception and the survey became the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all.
And I'm going to be here today to tell you that us, as a nation -- we take wrong, we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong decision we take the wrong decision.
We don't worry well.
Because the choices did not bring the peace and the survey and the security to Lincoln.
The list of the record and the advance between cars and cars brought peace and national regulation.
No, they did not.
What happened there?
Why does our society still continue to be politically paralyzed and discovered with political political policy and exception, so much for men like women.
Maybe what it was not just women were not just women, but the financial values of compassion and entrepreneurial.
Our society needs the national design and the creation of the more of the more of what they needed to do is that they were just going to give the police and the distribution.
Our nation needs the quality of how much more it is going to need to need the natural represent and the amount of it.
We need to stop to act as an old ones and call it to the way.
We need to start to act as a combination of compassion of compassion and medical.
We have to develop a failure disconnect, which not only hands, but also put it in practice in the place rather than the community, the color instead of companies, is even in place of exploration.
These are the ideas.
Because the peace has a record that comes from the international and the article between the physical perspective.
That is the real critical.
We need to get up that in a particular way before we do it in the superconductor.
And I remember with a version of the County "Cookie, "Party, is the word of the God, "Australia, complexity?
At the time, the word "Talk, that you know in all of the open traditional treatment.
And so at the same one that the temperature is completely the emotion, which is growing inside the distribution of compassion of compassion all the time.
So this is what it tells us -- my medical driver is all the things.
This is what it tells us is my medical medication on my way.
That all of you have told the thank you to mention.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a strange question, which has an amazing answer.
It's about the secret of the developed violence, and the question I'm going to do is the one that all of you do it, why does she do?
Why was someone going to end up with a man who was putting?
I'm not pretty much. I'm not a social work, and I don't experience in the digital violence of the distribution.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I had 24 years old. I was just going to look at the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a writing and start in the September Republican.
And I had my first supply, my first grandmother record Experience, and he had a very big secret secret of it.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times, the man, that I was creating my own grandmother, I was going on to the head with a piece, cut with a stage with a short partner.
The man, when I love more than no one in this world, I put a picture in my head and the time to kill me more times than I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of "The "Parallel little love, a physical transportation, which is foreign for love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
until it could be his story.
I don't seem to look at a surface of the drug violence of the distribution.
I am linked in English University and I have a MIT in Mars from the World Big Bangladesh.
I've spent the most part of my career working for companies of the same "pressure, "The "been John Jerusalem, and John Boston and the Washington Post.
It took almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black black and I put a military Hong Michael.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can happen to anyone -- all the regions, all the religions, all the levels of energy and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that digital violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly enough.
More than 80 percent of the markets are men -- and the drug open only happens in the environmental relationships and the long, and it said in the other way, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or hope to find violence -- and we would expect to find violence -- and we would expect to find violence.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who put it up, and in fact I was a very typical vision because of my age.
I had 24 years old, and in the United States, the women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be able to be visual violence than the other age, and over 500 women and more than 500 women and girls of that age are supported every year by the U.S.
And I was also a typical vision because I didn't know anything about the digital violence -- their signals of advanced or their patterns of advances.
I met Congress in a cold and he was born night in a bottle.
I was sitting to my side in New York City.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get out of a University of the Law Langley and that I worked in a very important bank of World Street.
But what I was interested in that first thing was that it was ready and diversity and that it seemed a girl in the field.
And I had a lot of big monkeys like sands, and a broken piece of the corner -- and it seemed so street.
One of the most intelligent things that he did Congress, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the police company of the wall.
He did it about all the beginning putting in a perfect.
We started to go out and I love everything from me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, which was going to be able to help young girls -- and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my disease, my dream and improvisations.
I believe in me, as a writing and as a woman, like nobody had done it.
And this is why the lesson in that school school, and the work in World Street and his future future had so much important for it.
I didn't know that the first thing in any relationship of drug violence is going to go and make it to the violence and to make it.
And I didn't know that the second step is it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dream -- but I thought I had to do statistics for your foot and so I opened up, I left my job.
I had no idea that I was going on in a love love, which I was trying to head in a physical treatment in a physical treatment.
The next step in the digital violence is to increase the threat of violence to see how it is.
And this is where they come into the stage of the states.
And in the way we moved to New England you know, that place where you have to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that you have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
One had in the car.
Another thing was under the shoe in our face and the third always in his bomb.
And he said that I needed those pictures at the top of the transportation that lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for you.
But those guys actually were a message to me, and even though I had never been left my hand, my life was already in a dangerous way, every minute every day.
The first physical attention.
They were the seven of the morning, and I still had the car.
Five days later, when the 10 members of my screen had dependent, I put my mother from my mother and my mother with it.
despite what had happened -- I was sure we would live happy for always -- because I loved him and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very remarkable.
It just had been very close to the bottom and the fact that we can make a family with me.
I had been a stage and I would never have been going to do it.
So I spent two times more in our miles of fear in our way.
The first time I was driving up to a secret painting and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I had a number of times against the car.
And then a couple of days later, working out from our mile morning, he came up with the traffic and you take me a Big Africa to the face.
And I was going to go up a single or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our material.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is full of digital violence or access at some point of their life, and the center of control control that every year 15 million children are straightforward, 15 million children.
So, actually, it was very good company.
I'm going to go back to my question, why did I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was looking at me.
And I was a very strong woman who was a very strong man, and it was the only person, and it was the only person in the world that I could help me go to her decisions.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get down?
Why did I not get it? I could have been at any moment.
So for me this is the most expensive question and pain that makes people, because us, we know something that normally is increasingly, it's incredibly dangerous.
Because the last thing in the digital violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the spaces in the cases of digital violence are going to be able to end up to the relationship of the relationship -- after you get up, because then the car has nothing to lose it.
Some of them are going to get the perfect action, even after the sun has come back to the corner of financial resources.
And we still continue to ask why you just don't get it?
And I was able to go up, and I was able to be able to be able to be able to go out of the last piece that I saw my neuron.
I realized that the man I love so much, I would have been killed if it would have been allowed it.
So I cut the site.
I told it all around the world, to the police -- my cities, to my friends and families -- to completely construction, and I'm here today because all of you.
We have the technology to the visions as a security self-interest, women are going to be dead.
The question, "Why does it do?
For some people is a way to say "The film is their back to self, as if we were going to be able to get up from men who want to show you.
But since I was supposed to "Asshart "London, I've heard of the stories of men and women who were also like, that they learned that they learned to be a fantastic lesson of what happened to them and they had their lives.
Because it turns out that I really am a vision and a very typical violence of violence that is very typical violence in it.
I was going to take up with a single man and you have those three children.
I have that black black and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have ever ever ever ever got a little bit more, and it is a little bit like my head.
At this point, they are thinking, "Hey, that's fantastic. or "Hello, what did I get was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I'm sure that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being marriaged or that they were a little bit of small or they are used by them.
The market could be affected by his daughter to his brother to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my own particular love.
And I'm going to do it today.
It's my way to help other people, and it is my last perspective to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
And the car would be used only in the situation.
They have the power to end up with the digital violence just making light on it.
You know, we need to get the whole world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of the digital violence of it.
They keep the market to the light talking about it with their children, their work, their friends and family.
They represent its vision of the surface as a fantastic people and fortunes, which have a full future.
Do you recognize the end of the violence of violence to be able to deal with the scanner and show them that they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
So together we can turn up our cars, our months and our families in the safe and the patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call it Carama Rose, and since a time ago, I'm model.
To be present, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this moment there is a transportation teacher in the room because it shouldn't have seen like this.  And so, I have tried to change it.
This is the first change in a TED, so you have a lot of lucky to test it, I think.
If some of the women would be used when it came up, they don't have to tell it now, but I would find it later in Twitter in Twitter in Twitter now.
I also want to point out that I have the practice of power to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very incredibly increasingly, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to spend this sound on the head, because it's when you're going to go back to me, so they don't do anything while I got my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been straightforward.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
And the approach is powerful -- but as well.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a note in real life.
And I was completely included and the photograph told me that I would add the state and that I would add the head of the child.
Of course, I went out with surgery or an artificial state like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our approach, which even though surface and income, has a great impact on our lives.
So today, to me, to be value means to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I am a wonderful woman and white -- and in my lab, that's going to be a sex girl that is to be a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do it, but in a way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model.
And I always say, a card I found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I made me model is because I won the genetic line, and I am the benefit of a service, and maybe they're asking you what this service.
Well, in the last few century, we have not only given the beauty as a health as a health and symbol, which we are basically, which we are biological to address, we also have been associated to a high and it has a white skin and a white skin.
And that is my sense, service that I've been talking about to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that is now shown up, and maybe there are some forms of the way that they say -- I hope -- there are National, Times, John Singapore.
First of all, happiness to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I usually have to give you that in 2007, a student of the University of New York City told all of the models and each of the models in the room, and from the 77 modern models -- just 25, just about four percent of them -- they were not white.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it will be bigger than it?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know.
But then what would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be present from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a correlated carbon and police, which would be important, because you would be the first one.
If you after this special list -- I still sit up, no, no, no, Charles, I want to be model -- then I say, I know my star.
Because I am not going to go from anything -- and you could be the region of the U.S. Valley reverse or the average experiment of Haiti or the next version of Michael.
I say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the line when you go bigger when you go bigger when you are going on.
It's outside of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because unlike the heart surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
You know, once you have come up with your students, and you have a career and a few work to your states, no matter what you say, that if you say you want to be present from the United States, but you say, if you say you want to be present from the United States of the United States -- people would look right.
The next question that people always do is if all of the pictures are recorded.
And yes, you probably get up all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and as well.
I know we are going on in the personal terrorist, but it was a child.
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a piece of parents about a few days before the pictures for the framework vote for it.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the Valley Vietnam.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures in those pictures of it.
They are created from a group of protections, piloters, markets, photographs and stations, and all of their aid and people of pressure and police, and they have to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get the free things, you get the free things.
I have too many of us in the time and that I never use it, except the couple of it, but the practice that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forget me to take my money, and they gave me the free version of me.
When I was a little bit of the tribe, I went out with my friend who was a correct paradigm, and it was a short service and of course, and of course, they were going on, and it was a sense of it to be able to go on.
And I found out of these practice for my presentation, not because of what I'm paying -- and there are people who are paying a price for their life without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, in the age of the age of the ones that you were going to go and record, 80 percent.
And there are only 175 young black men in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me going to do it?
How about how many times would you go to me?
And when you go into this talk to this talk to me that at the age of 50 percent of the 11 years in the United States, they don't like your body, and that field is taken to the 77 percent at the age of 17 to the 17 percent at the age of 17 to the 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more distributed, and you have the most brilliant thing, you will feel very happy and stuck.
And behind the cameras we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to work, and also amazing power to work with creative people and institutional and approaching.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said before it is, I am incredibly.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a few more decades and the most basically basically, it will be more happy to be easier to be more happy.
They just have to get up with a group of models -- because they have the most distributed legs -- the most brilliant head and the top of the way, but they probably are the most important women in the planet.
But about all it was hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at a local pressure and a piece of gender when I am one of the biggest benefits of it.
If there's something to get out of this talk -- I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and fraction.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to get a camera -- but I want to share with you with you my 15 major pictures -- and I was not me who I did it.
There were no artists -- no statistics, no opportunity to represent the pictures -- not even a single thing in the electricity.
In fact, most of them put them back into the ground of the sea.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give me a police, my wife told me this picture to my daughter in the day of his first campaign. That's the top of the 77 and the five five and the five five and the five five and the five five and the five five and the five five and the five five and the five five and
He gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When you get the third campaign of my son, my wife told me, why don't you take me to meet New York in a piece of paper in a paper and control the risk."
This is when we started to ask the tons that were going to take us the picture.
It is amazing that the genome of getting the camera to the camera is so universe.
No one has ever been born and forced, no one has ever been standing with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much of us change the life this journey here.
It became something happened to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 11 and I had to explain to my daughter that had happened that day so that a little bit of five years I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than records from a control moment or a specific journey or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of obvious and to be able to get out of our time and our evolution over the years, and not just the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we were always going to take the same picture -- our perspective.
That time in cost that we spend together is something that we hope with entrepreneurship all the year.
recently, in one of the travel -- we were going on, when I suddenly had a search and search a piece of red state in the state of the state of the state of the statement that I was looking at a little bit in the before.
And I described what I had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to be able to look at it to see that place for the first time.
And now what I looked at in New York is universal, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the resources.
And so I want to share the idea of spending the idea of the particular creation of recent.
I don't know you -- but it comes out of these 15 pictures -- I don't know in many of the family pictures in it.
I'm always the picture of the picture.
Now I want to get you to all of them to get in the picture, and they don't want to get up to someone and ask you, you get a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The balls are found in the most extraordinary air.
First of all, why do you have so bad present?
It has also been associated with Delay restriction as well as a mental experiments.
More recently, if you've been following the pressure of the pressure minister, and the actions and actions of these are the cars that are associated with the Milky Park, but it doesn't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why.
Because the members of Paris don't keep the environment in the environment.  You can't help you have to be able to prevent the disease.
They are differently moving.   They are far away to explore.  And my favorite -- the banks have better presentation.   There are two kinds of bottles on this planet.
And there are the New world in the New world that they find mostly in America.
So why are the banks are important -- in first of all, they make visual evolutionary services service.
These are our natural basements.
Let me take you up to the bone.
They help you kill all the bacteria -- help sure that it's not going to be for them, and they would be able to make large loss and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no brands, the cars take three to four times more time in depression, and this has huge records in the disease.
The bacteria also have huge history.
They've been associated to the ancient culture.
And he was the symbol of the protein and the material and the material and along with the corner, they were supported by the community between the Arabic and the European underneath it.
And in the Higgs military, Japan was the bottle girl, and he looked at his life to save the Darwin rate of the 10 Redwoods Redwood.
In the top culture -- they make a lot of very important attention to the open sky. In places like the Taliban, there is no place to teach the dead -- or the way to be able to get them up, so these guys are going to make a natural economic system.
What is the problem with the bottles?
We have eight species in Kenya, which six of them are in the end of extraordinary entrepreneurs.
The reason is that they are going on, and the reason you're being involved is because there are conflict between humans and face. The strategic communities use this coming into the depth, and as a conservation, the balls are full of this.
In the South States in countries, in countries like India and Palestin, four species of balloons are in the critical list of exciting, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old, and the reason is because they get a lot of the control of galaxy that has been treated with a advanced drug like the Philip.
And this drug has been providing to use video in India and have taken a position.
Because there are no brains, there has been a profession in the number of streets in the top of careers in careers, and when you have the streets of the time -- you have a huge time of time for rainforest. The number of cases of race has increase in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest electrical particles in Africa.
I'm not against the electrical energy, but we have to work with governments because the electrical teachers do this to the birds -- they cut them through half of it.
They are carbon training.
In Western Africa, there is a moral benefit of death bones to save the forest and the marketing market.
So what is you doing? Well, we're involved in these birds -- we are putting it transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic education, and see where they go.
So we can see that they travel for different countries, so you can focus on a problem is not going to look at anything.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about how to apply the bottles, about the need to apply these wonderful creatures and the services that are going on.
How can you help it? It can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a letter to his government and tell them we have to focus on these very complicated creatures -- to play their time to deal with the word -- I'll give the word.
When you go out of this room, you are going to give you on the bottles, but they talk to their families with their children, with their kids on the bottles.
They are very completely. Charles David said that they changed it because they saw them with no effort, no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I really do and everything I do -- my life has been shot for seven years of work during me in Africa.
And since 1988 until 1985. He leads young people, but I don't know it.  I worked in Zari, Kenya.
I worked for a Indus National NASA, and every project that we have in Africa.
And I was present.
I thought, at the age of 21, we were good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, all we were able to do is we were able to do it.
Our first project, which I'm inspired by my first book, "Audience of the Zeter, was a project where we decided to teach people to be able to teach people from Kanish to grow food.
And so we got up with silence signs at the top of Zaris to this absolutely great thing that I decided to the river Bang, and we teach the local and we teach the local takes and cars, and and cards, and and and cards, and and and cards, and -- and and and cards, and and and cards, and and and cards, and and and cards, and and and
Of course, people were not interested in doing that, so we asked them to come to work -- and some times, they don't come on.  We were sure that the local local, in so much fragile flow, they didn't have a gravity.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they were not able to grow anything, we just said, thanks to God we are here.  And I "Sell time to save people in the headline.
And of course, everything in Africa.
We got these manufacturing markets -- in Israel, a talk to grow this size -- in Zellay, to this size here.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the same to the same things, look what easy is the audience.
When the drugs were borders, motivations and red, in the night at night to the morning, about 200 we've got out from the river and they started everything.  And we said to the same -- and we said to the same things.
And the governments said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a architecture here,  "Why didn't they say it?
And I thought we just think of us that we have the individuals in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what the Americans were doing in, and then what they were doing, and after looking at what they were doing -- I felt quite proud of our project in Zellay.
Because, as you see, we at least feed the specialized.
You should see the destinations --  You should see the results that we give them to the people in Africa.
It wants to read a book -- I read "The Deep March -- March March economy.
And the book was published in 2008,
We countries, we have been brought into the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money.
Just read his book.
Last part of an African woman, the day we've done.
The Western we're income, we are missing police, and we treat people just about two ways.
The two words come from the really hard reason that means "Parento.
However, it means two different things.
Paradigm, I bring any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want a lot.
Paradigm, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "The "The "The "Carrier.
That book gave me a boat in the face -- "The little is beautiful, written by Sandar, who said by all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help -- you just want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of the help.
This morning, the secret that I opened this conference was put on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that isn't not newspaper.
I decided at the age of 17 years old to respond to people, and I invented a system.
So what does you do?
And then you get to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local people.
We don't work from the office.
We put up in a car. We get in a face.
We have no information with it.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what people want to do.
The most important thing is the past.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be used alone.
The person with the idea can not have knowledge -- but knowledge is available as well.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one time, we hear them, but not in the common areas.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
There is a problem with the communities world.
And they have never seen, and they would never say, in a public departments -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have done in their own money.
So the planet has this particular point.
The most intelligent people in their community, you don't even know it, because they don't get to their public attacks.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new protection.
The teacher is the family of the company of the company, the family doctor of the business -- which is except with you.
And I started this as a test in hope.
I was doing a distance at that time, trying to get out of this concept that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in a market, and the government came to see me to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very hard.
And I heard it and I heard them,   --  So the government says, "Look again.  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are die of superconductor.
Prize Diamond, one of the world's most great companies of the story, and it was a few years ago.
Prize Dralician was a phone of phone before I was involved in business, and this is what he says Prize Design.
The planet is the rest of the death of the business space.
And so now you're going to remember Christmas without knowing what the most successful people in Carama want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to learn that these people are going to be able to connect with you.
You have to give them conservation, private -- it has to be fantastic.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 cells.
You can imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and patient?
So what do you think of you more this morning?
You know, local people. That is what you have come on.
So what I'm telling you is that the experience is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution.
And the energy model is not subjective.
The face as a way of supported machines is not subjective.
So what we have to consider is how we name it, we're going to be able to, we're going to deal with seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest the technology for the green revolution -- the universities, the universe?
The government, the government?
They're going to be the companies and they are doing it now.
There is a short story that you have to be a lot of future a lot of years ago, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to stop the future of New York City in the year 1970.
And in the year 1980, it came up with this group of people, and they had a lot of people who happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the concept was the city -- the city of New York wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they came up with the curve and saved, if the population is going to be growing up to this room, to bring it to the population of New York to the around, they will remember six million gentlemen, and the scary produced for six million gentlemen, would be impossible to be impossible to get up.
They were already addressed in straight.  And so in 1975, they were looking at this technology that would get the life of New York City.
So what happens in the next 40 years in the next 40 years, in the United States.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely open and there were very few -- and there was a lot of speech, strategies in places that are going on.
Democratic, Michael Haiti Fort.
However, there is a secret to work with the employees.
First of all, you have to give them construction.
In the other way, they will not be able to turn with you.
And then you have to give them a absolutely an absolute anger, decided to seem.
And finally, you're going to have to tell you the truth with how to be able to understand it.
The smaller company, the largest company has to be able to make three things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell with a fantastic.
You know what?
We've been known to a single human being in the world that can be able to do and look for the money.
There doesn't exist.
This still has not been born.
We have invented and looking at the 100 companies in the Carbon world, West, East, East, all the new companies -- Google, Garden.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- just one -- no one was involved by one person.
And then the word "I "have the word "Well, but the word "Letter?
He was not just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have families, who come from a little business environment sitting in careers, and in banks along to their decades who are going to do for you, what someone did for this room who was going to ask you to you to this explosion, somebody who would ask you to you, what do you need to do to this explosion.
What can you do you? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money, can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, no, I can't do that? "I want you to look at someone to say?
We are able to act community.
Thank you.
Those of us may be able to help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors -- so we don't understand a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like advances, plants and pickets.
These projects came out of questions like, how much of my lives are you going to pay for their self-designers.
How can we pay and ask more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more resources of our buildings and to understand our password?
How do we share our hope.
I live in New Angeles and I'm loved from New Yorker.
My mom always found high with the giant robots that give you the shoes to the bottles, boards and sea in a city in a city.
It always happens to the music --  -- there is a decision in New Yorker --  The city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the biggest amount of properties in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how could I turn it into a more nice space for the bottom and also in something that changed my life for time.
In 2008, I lost someone who was a lot of water.
It was John as a mother for me.
His death was represented and increased.
I thought a lot in death and a lot.
And this was made by a deep fragility for the living time.
He gave him close to the significant things of my life.
But I'm going to have to keep this looking at this looking at my life life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends I transform the wall of this house in a giant paradigm and I thought about her freedom to compare -- "And I want to die I want to die I want.
So the train they could take a distribution, to be able to take on their lives and share people in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day, the wall was a little bit.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I want to die I want to be playing by the paradigm?  Before I die I want to sit down to shoes in the top of the field.
Before I die I want to keep for millions of people.
Before I die I want to plan a tree.
Before I die I want to live out of the network?
Before I want to die I want to get it over again.
Before I die I want to go to the rest of someone to go to the second.
Before I die I want to be completely myself.
And this space was addressed by the conservation and the dreams and the hope of people made me go to the cars, and they gave me a little bit in difficult moments in it.
It's about knowing that one is not only to understand our neighbors in new ways and speeds -- it is about giving up the relationship and the control, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we can grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a sea in their community community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we made a girl and now have been done in countries all over the world, like Kari, South Africa, South Africa, Archive and further there.
And so together we spend the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distributions in increase -- it's more important than I'll never find the ways to get the perspective and remember that life is good and depressed.
The death is something that we often have to talk about, or even thinking about it, but I understood that we would be able to worry about death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can make better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single perspective.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Richard has 24 years old, it's high and very good.
I don't talk about, but it takes better than some of the best roofs.
He knows what the love.
And I share it completely happens to what happens.
It's not a superheroes. I don't look at the color of the skin there.
You don't care about the religious differences and straight in this, it has never mind.
And when you have a lot of our infection, trying to make words that I couldn't even get up, I remember one thing -- the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be the newspaper.
Santa is 16 years old. It's a very supercomputer.
It put the most amazing memory of it.
However, it's a self-organizing memory of it.
I don't remember if I got my collaboration, but I remember the year that I came out every single single one of my ideas, conversation that we kept when I was four years old, I would make my arm in my arm during the first stage of the Teds and the Galaxies Galaxy.
You don't seem to be amazing.
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds don't get to the concept of the society of society -- often are increased and understanding.
But what I put up to my heart and it took my wife was that even if that was the case, even if you don't consider them inside the order of it, that could only mean one thing -- which was extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less families with the terrorist term, it is a brain transportation that affect social communication to learning and sometimes to the physical skills and sometimes to the physical possibilities.
And in every individual it takes a different way in the way that it is so different.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of authority, and even though it's one of the development of the development that the most fast thing in the world, there is no cause of careers or careful.
I don't agree to me about my first thing with the car, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was just three years when my brother came into the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I had a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
And he was living in his own world, with their own rules -- and he was looking at the smaller things like putting the cars in the end of the room, looking at the landscape and eat anything that would have been between media that would have been between me.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the beautiful, the fragility and the international specialization, there was something really unique -- a particular nature and increasing, a child who looked at the world without private, a human being that had never mind.
Except it.
I can't notice that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments that I would have wish that they were just like me.
But I looked back back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I didn't want to change by the normal.
The normal happens by high the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Republic and Sanda and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal to you.
You can be extraordinary as they can be wrong.
Because, additional or not, the differences that we have -- they're a guy, each one of us has a day in their interest and eventually the search of the normal is the last amount of potential the potential of the power.
The opportunity for the big, the progress and the change.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, experiment a little bit of what has to be Alice in the country.
Peter Star asked me to me, a team of communication -- that I would give a kind of communication to the engineering students in engineering students.
I was support.  You know, I was starting from these students with their big mind, their big books and his big words and words.
But when we develop those conversation.
So I just felt when I had those conversation with students with the students that they had -- and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big community.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our largest challenges from energy to the environment and care of the health -- between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it is our responsibility like not scientists to have these institutions to have these institutions as well.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please.
I want to share some of them about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and their engineering is accessible.
First question to respond to you, and then what?
So let's tell you why science is responsible for us.
They don't tell us that they study the training, but they study the treatments, which is the street structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operations.
And when they are writing their science, I care with the garden.
The supply is an object for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say "Space and temporary, but why not say "Space and time, which is much more access to us?
You can make them access is not the same thing to do it.
At the time, as I said Europe, that everything is as simple as possible -- but not simple.
You can communicate their science without making the ideas.
So something to consider is to use example, stories and analogy -- they're ways to pay and excited with their content.
And when you put their work, it comes from the signals of the ball.
They have asked why they call "the bones?  What do you do the bases? The bad ones -- and they kill their present it.
And this is not only about it is not only open, but it was a lot too much in the language of the language of our brain and we open us.
In change, this end of example of George Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the training is so strong that I can actually inspired the design design of the Earth's East.
The treatment here is to use a simple signal, lesson -- that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit -- and, in order to be able to put out of our other sense and create a more deep sense of understanding of what it is.
I think these are just some key places that can help the other put the door and look at the country of the women which is science and the engineering energy.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you have been able to have this equipment, for all the media.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Shame, it means "Philadelphous "pressure?
And even though there was a private education of the 19th century that I did a lot better when he said, "You know, a state is that you look for a public car without making a public corner no matter or principle, and that when you go up, it will get it on the bottom use of a regular regulation of metal.
I have no idea about what it means "assessment?
So something to do with the words -- I guess to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that the words are the basis in political -- and all the politicians know they have to try to deal with the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1888 that the British Paul allows the particles to deal with the extraordinary words that they were told in the parallel camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of British Brazil, who went into the Park.
They gave him in the Talk of London and they were straightful, but he had enough value to find them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that you go.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the first use of the freedom "They should be a book like that.
Most of you think it's literally.
It is not. It's for a depth of the experts of explanation.
But to show you really how the words and the political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, just after the individual.
So, they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, his leaders it.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a record country.
So this is based on the conflict for a long time.
They were present all kinds of suggest that could be frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it "The State State of the Watchin and others and others and others Aristotle, and other "The Prizes of the United States Washington.
It's not very attractive.
Some simply wanted to call it "Red.
They thought it was a quality of property.
And not even with it, they were markets, they had the idea that you could be cut down by a deal with a decline depressed.
And I could have service it.
All over the world are coming up, because this debate is provided for three weeks.
And I got the day of a self-organization -- and I always wrote with this subject.
And what you have to do is that you have the room and the until the Carrie Cameron was against the Seattle.
The Cameron camera.
They didn't want to call it Richard because it was going to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modern temperature and more super-spined and more religious than it was happened.
And that template was "Person."
Protection. They did not invented the temperature. It's already been before, but it only meant somebody who pressure a record.
It was like the president of a shop.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term called the term or "supplies.
And there were some of the small entrepreneurs of little collective holes and farmers of government -- but it was really a significant thing.
And that is why the sound is opened.
They said, "You can't call it President?
This guy has to deal with treatments and get the extraordinary distributions.
And who was going to take it in a series with a surgeon and it makes it like the United States of the U.S.
And finally, after three weeks of depth, the Sea did not hate it.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Saturday has never been able to show the Turkey temperature.
The President Big Obama has a dream of getting out there, waiting to the Sea between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is terrible --   -- possible that we are going to be waiting for 240 years.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important thing -- and with this I want to leave you, is that the President of the United States, it doesn't sound at all.
In all of if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to design, the biggest economy of the world and a flow of sales of sales and so on.
And the reality and the story has taken to the group of grandmother.
So at the end of the end.
They got their responsibility of responsibility to it.
And also the other presentation of the Sea, the superconductor of substance, well, it was a signal at the time.
But you know how many nations have now present?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Sea game and the camera of Republicans lost it, because no one is going to feel humanitarian when they tell them that now they're the U.S. president of the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn and that I would like to leave you.
The politics tried to choose and use the words to make and control the reality and control the reality of the words that they could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to a look at the land in a single climate mission of God.
The air is running out of heat and public and it's hard to respond.
I feel the robot of substance bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but on all of that car of the male markets and you put a lot of private tools.
As the other people, I took a little bit of light light on the head with the head with this analogy and I can just draw the robots that are supposed to make the parts of that hole of a metaphor that takes hundreds of meters on the Earth.
It was my hand and suddenly I remember a money that I met days before, who lost the control and came up with a feet at that time.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the deep thing of that today showing up their lives without pay and recently, and at the time, they die.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are present from the specialization.
In the last 24 years, I was playing natural culture in over 70 countries in six countries, and in 2010, I had the great honor of being the only explosion in the Carolina Country of Parkinson.
In between all of the amazing people I met there I met an instrument of France The Sanded State -- which has been made to reduce the modern school.
So we started talking about the school, and I really started learning about specialization because I knew that there is in the world but not at the same thing.
When we end up to talk to me a lot about a very bad thing, I was not assigned to increase this attention of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
He was made by the state and weeks later, I went to the Los Angeles to meet the Dragon Delay and put my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
It had already been in many of these sites.
Some of them, even I put them my second home.
But this time, I was going to be supposed to survive the subjects.
And a control culture says that there are more than 25 million people in the world.
This is the amount of the amount of African Africans during the whole treatment of the transportation scared.
A hundred years ago, the cost of a architecture scanner was from about three times the activity of a U.S. work.
The equivalent to about 50 percent.
However, you can get up to the entire family families for genes for general newspapers of 1970.
And surprisingly, the school is going to be able to get more than 12 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been parallel with a very good education of good education and better work to figure out that they are forced to work without pay without pay -- under violence of violence and they can't scale.
Today, the space is going on in the company, the good products have value -- but who will produce them.
The school is in almost all the world, and yet it's institutional around the world.
In India, I met the horses of carbon holes.
So this strange spectrum and facilitating was how to go into the ancient European or the University of Dan.
You can imagine in a three-dimensional temperature, men, women -- in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in a little bit of pollution, they add metal military in their head, until 18 at 18 at 18 at 18 at 18 at the time, and they take them out of the horses that are to hundreds of feet.
And destroyed by the monkey and the career work in silence, doing this task over and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no people to eat -- not to get down, and the design would have been doing it was quite interested in.
And so they were the color and the color that my camera became too close to the car and stop working on.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with an air air to do it and sitting out there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
And I was going back in the ants I wanted to get up but the advance that I was to my side.
And I got very clearly to show you emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't give you any different help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already there.
I had to trust the Seattle and work inside the system for their freedom and trust you to get it.
In the way to me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Hong, I found kids who are going on for miles for miles for monkeys that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more fish than the kids who were going on and the kids put them into their heads with the careers made of paintings, made out and shorts.
It's hard to do something so advanced.
How can we influence in something so interesting, but so mostly.
Some of you don't even know that they're scared -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay -- because this has been all your life.
They have nothing with what to compare it.
When these individuals were represented by their freedom -- the spaces were completely their house.
At the top of the word we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was supposed to be hard for me to work in this particular business.
And in Kenya I became women who had been pretty much a sexual search.
And I was told by a couple of animals who were going to have this sound subject, and they have a significant light.
It wasn't exactly a ball.
It was more well a restaurant.
Remember, as you know in the office -- they are local for the forced protection.
They have a little specialists, private partnerships, where we were working with their girls and children -- some of just seven years -- they are forced to go to the clinical and they will bring them more food.
Each of it is dark and supply, they identify for a number of painting on the wall and a discovery for a baby and a cartoon.
The workers often make sexual support in their cells.
And I put on the piece, I remember a sense of a surgeon artist, and in that way, I could just imagine what it should be going to be a little bit of the institution.
I just had a side, the scanners where it comes in.
There were no deal with.
There were no enough enough enough to transform.
And those people don't have education, and because we take a very difficult issue -- it's important to be able to point out that the space, even the sexual treatment.
There are hundreds of people who are involved in the architect, in responsibility, in the digital service and the list can continue to.
recently, the New York Times influences that between 100 and 300 thousand American children are sold every year as a sexual recovery.
It happens for discovery, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often relate to the human hand.
I saw individuals in which there were some entire family families in the end of the sun.
This is a family.
The black hands.
You can take it into these big balloons in these big balloons and supply the sound in the lights to the concepts, but the talent is a strange.
My wife told me their stories.
We don't have freedom. They said.
We still expect it, yet you can get out of this house one day and go to another place where we really pay our work, our job.
It has more than about 40 children in the Valley Law, the biggest artificial land in the world.
When we came in, I went to take a quick view.
And I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a boat -- two more bigger, some more young children -- it makes sense isn't it?
Eric. They were all speeds.
The kids are sitting out of their family families and forces and forces to work on the top of these robots in the law, despite not to know it.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat was already supposed to be supported, it turns out that his little hand.
I was paralyzed by the fear of the water.
The rules of the traditional trees in the Lord Law often are often addicted and children and failures, and with fear and fear, they get up to the water.
A lot of them are supposed.
Since you remember it has always been forced to work on the line.
By the end of his love is not going to be and like all life has been treated with critical, it certainly comes to the most young people under their market.
I met these guys at the top five in the morning, when they came up with the last networks -- but they had been working out from the one one of the ones that had been working out from the one one of the ones that they had been working from the one one of the ones in the way.
In the night night and selection.
And it has to point out that these networks spend more than 400 miles when they are started from fish.
I want to introduce you.
Korea was involved in a village of fish in a perfect.
I met it in a revolution where I fell up the Sanded September of the specialization.
Korea substantial as possible.
Who will come to be because of someone decided to make the difference in your life, life.
And by working by a letter in Ghana with the September of Frank Steven, a support company with his model of suddenly accessible and addressed our car.
And we asked us to go out for a way of land to the way.
At the end of the way, we invited us to go out of the car, and he asked it to the colleague that was going to be quickly.
And then it sounds like this was just similar and he said, "This is the path -- this is the way.
So as we started to go down, we take the evidence that they put the way up and after I walk up about a time we found that the way that the way was addressed by the regions -- so I put the team of pictures on my head as we put up in these water.
After two hours of face, the single way I ended up in a Of course, and we had a lot of holes that I could run in a footprint field and all of them were full of the statement workers and they were all full of the statement of working work.
A lot of women had kids who had children who are going to be addressed to their students and as they look at the water, they walk in water with the market.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are involved in a little bit in the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the time they were involved in their own subject.
I remember that I looked at his eyes bees, farmers, because many of them had been under land for 75 hours.
You have to have to have 80 feet and these people who are running out of the parallel states that then will be treated to another area in which they will make the dog to be able to express the face.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men.
All of them are visions of lessons, disease.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely that this world would end up like this view of the classrooms and the movement in a few years.
This is Mary. When he died his father he took it to work with him in the microbes in the media.
And when you die his year, Mars took the decline of the thing that force it to be scared in the miles.
When I met it, I had worked in the 18 years and the list of the legs that you see here is a product in a mine, so big that the doctors say it should be paralyzed.
In addition to that, Mary has the classrooms and not to that, it's forced to work night and day in that minute.
Even so, he dream with being limited and education with local activities like Frank Sanded and is this kind of detector, in love to a remote possibility -- what I was interested in a lot.
I want to bring light on the space.
They knew that their images would be seen by you.
I wanted you to know that we would be able to give you a lot of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings as human beings -- then it makes it very hard to be able to be able to bring attention like the space.
These images are not recorded. They're about people, real people, like you and like me, that they remember the same rights right and resources in their lives.
There is no day that I know that I don't think of these so many beautiful people.
I hope that these images are getting a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going on a fire and that that form red light on the space because without that light.
Thank you very much.
And I make a mathematical problem and there is a problem to have to do that -- we are like the general controls.
No one knows what we do.
So today I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activity.
We give us the viruses of the balance and the carbon balloons -- that we will see more at it.
But the base is a lot of extraordinary transportation, a high level of state and probably some kind of sort of an idea that you can have a genetic company.
And then the neurons like the New Angeles like the wonderful thing that they were doing is this extraordinary ability to do that with my friend Japan that, in his time, it was a vision they were going to be a virtual balloon.
In the last few years, it has become a lot in the treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are disease, and they have to deal with an amazing density with a superconductor, the superconductors and the other symptoms of this disease, so we need tools to stop the disease.
We need to measure the progress in the open way, and the only way that we know if you really know if you really have a cure to be when we have an object and a certain thing.
But it's fragmented that for the pay and other methods of the movement there are no biology. That's why they don't make the blood blood and the best thing that we have is a neurons of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a climate to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it outside the clinical trials -- never do.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That would be going to save a hard journey to the climate -- what if the patients could make the expert themselves.
You wouldn't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 in the black culture.
And so what I want to introduce you as a little bit not to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least we are all visited like my friend Japan Sanded.
This is a video of the value of the worth resources.
It shows someone in any healthy while I was going to talk to you about talking -- we can imagine as you can imagine as a voice of a voice because we have to cut all these local organs to produce sound and we all have the genes need for example.
And as the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary transportation.
We think about time that leads to a child learn to talk about.
In the sound of the sound -- we can bring the position of the voices as you can see, and this is how people are affect to the extraordinary, as well.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example.
We see the same symptoms.
It would be value -- reading and recording.
The approach becomes more transparent and approaching after a while, and this is an example of the systems.
How do you compare these experiments based on the voice with the climate constructions, well, both of them are not inventors.
And the nervous theory is not invented. They both use the existing information.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
And both of them are pressure. Okay, but as well.
I mean, they can be additionally.
They do very quickly, they get about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a magic cost and we all know what happens.
And when something takes a cost so low -- it looks at a massive scale.
So these are some incredible lines to go on.
So we can reduce the local challenges of patients.
It would not be able to go to the climate for the region of radio.
With a high factory of high freedom we could get open data.
We could be able to be able to make a lot of low cost for clinical trials and for the first time, you get a lot of genetic scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first benefits of the disease before it is too later.
And so when you give the first step in that sense, we are launching the value worth of Parkinson.
And then I went back to Albert and Paris, we want to get a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to take these objects.
We have local lines for about 500 million people in the world.
Any of them with or without Parkinson, you can call it under the price and leave them for a few cents -- and I was going to make sure that we have already got six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   And I took Richard, and then Mary, taking all of these shows -- we say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who isn't it?
What would you get out of these shows?
Mark Line, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to be able to get or not the disease.
MK: You see, some people can not get it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different careers, and do it in different creatures.
DP: You have a 75 percent of private at this moment.
MK: A lot more than that.
In fact, my students The TED student -- I have to apply it, has made a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile health network also as well. We have the project.
DP: No one and nine again. Well, it's a better.
MK: Of course.
DP: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
MK: Thank you.
In fact, before I went out of 2011, I made pictures in New York City.
We are private creatures -- grands.
We put up in the dark in the darkness, and we have a lot of people, and so we put the solar light.
We do the models that are still more delivered, the perfect perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible -- possible and they grow up in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real point for the images and a real point of the images and a real point for the images and a real
At 11 percent of 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, which is the rest of the world.
And a little time later, an organization where it was volunteer, there are Harvard Valleys, it was in the place working as part of the team of answer.
Now, along with hundreds of other videos we knew that we couldn't be able to be sitting in home, so I decided to get to the group for three weeks.
The 13 percent I went to Financial.
This is a little village of pick-and-and-and-and- personality in the beginning of almost 50 people, one of the first people affected by the way.
The water level came up with more than 24 and more than three miles away.
As you can imagine, the village was disconnected.
We were able to get out of the cars and the heads.
We lead schools -- we took the rest and we leave the ready house to be represented and resistant.
And we were going to take the steps and take statements of fish death, and it's putting out of local family.
We get up and love us.
For weeks -- as much as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and shoulders and streets.
They all did the same thing.
They will get them back and bring them into different places of the people around them.
It was not until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the people who have been surprised.
As you get out of the day, and to save their lives, they had to open absolutely everything they had to do.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helped to deal with the entire global babies -- the big balloons.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of evolution is going to get the pictures out.
And there they took them and I had the honor that that day will become me in my way to deal with the pictures of it.
This was exciting and interactive, I had heard the expression to think beyond the hospitals, but it was not until I'm going to deal with myself my ants that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of them who had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still on the lab on the lab -- I couldn't be able to think about how I recognize how to bring up that back and get up to hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night was in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so anti-active and positive that I knew we had to try it.
So we started taking the pictures out.
This was the first of all.
I was not too straightforward, but where the water had run the face of the girl I had to get up with a lot of price and decision.
In the other hand, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as traditional as you have the strange picture.
With the time of time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more residents so it is that I went back in Facebook and Life and five days later than 80 people from 12 countries were forced to help.
At the top of two weeks I was about 150 people want to be able to get up.
In Japan, we moved to Republican, and we moved to Republican, a village at the night of Sanded.
Once we had a week we were using our school in the terrible pictures that had been interested in where people were going to bring their pictures out.
The time that they were going to be able to bring them up is a different story -- it depends on the bottom of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the pictures of the
I could be able to imagine a hour -- I could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a hours.
I could do months.
This guy had to be able to draw the hand by using how the areas and the areas whose color and the water had no destruction.
I took a long time.
The water shows all of these pictures support in water water.
We could not reduce the picture at least that I was light, and it would have been reached by their own.
We had substance with the hand.
We have to do with the water of a record view.
It's very easy to give even more pictures as well.
As I once once said, the leader of my group is how to make a car.
You can't eat errors.
The woman who brought us up these pictures that I took up in relationship to the picture.
I had started to deal with her, but he was given to the fact that I was going to tell you that it was even more.
I also had distributions.
However, the images of his wife and their own face would not have been able to go up, we could solve the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When I came up with their pictures share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a state of bones between the words far away from where it used to be their house, but their colleagues they recognize it.
The day of the training, his husband was a career to close the balls on the way.
He had to go inside the water as the signs were going on.
His little children, not so small now, but their two children were in the colleagues in different colleagues in different.
One of them was running in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day that I had to get his pictures his son from his child who has been 18 years old.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best thing I could do to do, something that he could go back to look at it, something that could remember the past that had not been made by that day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 150 times had been used to there there were a few hundreds of them to help us have more than a half more than 150 pictures -- the big majority -- -- the great majority came back to their own.
More than 500 videos around the world would help us go back to 90 hundreds of pictures of totally resistant and recorded.
Over this time, we don't really spend more than a thousand in teams and materials and most of them in terms of presentations.
We take pictures with it.
A picture is a sense of someone or something, a place, a relationship -- someone wants to be.
They are general from our resources and stories -- the last thing we would take us but the first thing we would go to look for.
And about this was the project, to make small pieces of humanity -- to go back to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going back to someone -- it sounds a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the resources.
Some of them told them a little bit bigger to go to something bigger -- using something that is going to be made by something that you're not moving in perfect skin seat.
In order to let I like to read this electricity closer -- I sent it down the day that I came from Japan after six months.
And as I said, I couldn't be able to think about people and stories showed in the images in the images.
One in particular -- a picture with women from different communities from the grandmother up to the small girl to the small girl around a baby.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs.
Thank you.
And I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a picture of a based on this picture of a ball of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
And I put them a new kind of photograph -- the photographer, a new technology that can create video videos in the movement.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the regions, beyond the green line -- or look at the inside of the body without using the X-ray of the body -- and they actually really have the idea of camera.
If you take a little bit to read and put it up and put it into a piece of second or it is, in a number of ways to create a piece of pictures of just a million arms in the middle of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of the atmosphere of
And that piece of pictures -- that bank, will travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common base is.
If we take that base and this piece of pictures and we were able to do in this boat, how are those pictures inside this boat?
What is the aspect of light in carefully linearians.
Now, all of this --    You remember that all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more slow so that you can see the light in movement.
College didn't apply this research --  -- you get a lot of things in this movie -- I'll take this information to show what is going on.
The police, our bank, in the boat with a piece of pictures that starts to go through it and that, in the beginning of the way to get up.
And part of the light, it goes to the table, and we started looking at these computers.
A lot of the pictures finally come to the star and then explain in a number of direction.
As you can see, there is a ball of air that I read in the interest in the way.
In that time, the waves travel on the table and because of the residents of the top part of the boat -- after a number of forests, after a lot of cars come in.
Now, if we take a common box and we do it and we make the same difference and we see it in a legal camera to about 10 billion times, how much they think would be going to be able to see that movie?
One day. A week? In reality, every year.
It would be a very open film --  -- a little bit of a low-control line.
And what would you try to do with natural nature.
You can see the waves that get out of the table of the table and the wall of the forest.
This is how to deal with a piece in a state.
It's the way that nature is a picture -- I thought, from a force at the time, but of course, our eyes can see an amazing community.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light gets out of the talk, it's still basically.
Why? Because the touch is market and the light light in their interest and go back after a number of a number of second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in their mobile cells, they're going to be able to go to the surface and see if the face is monitoring without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera in MIT.
And as you know, you know, if you take a picture to experience -- it comes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the most expensive experience, so you just get something out of light.
So let's move that down, that piece of pictures -- millions of times, and we took over and over and over and over and over with a very high system, we take those data from data and we put them together to create those factors that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in creation and protect them in interesting way.
It can be able to fly up.
Other ants can become invention.
And if a new power of a support future would allow you to see the regions?
The idea is that we could bring something out of light on the door -- Recision, to go to the room, one part is going to get in the door, and since the camera up to the camera.
And where we could be able to explore those multiple light robots.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our financial.
behind the wall there is a man and we're going to get the light in the door on the door.
After the position of our article in National Medical.
And a small factory of the pictures will go back to the camera but considered, in different moments in time.
And as we have a camera that works as fast as it works.
It has a very good temperature and it can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the differences to the door and also to the open objects but we don't know what the point is going on to what it is.
And when you project a line you can take a picture of a picture, you see in the screen.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and you have to take them up and try to get up the multiple regions of light, and with that, we can see the open object.
We can see it in 3D?
This is our record.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are going on to what's going to go back in the top of the career.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light for the open windows of the open windows for the open windows of the open windows for the open windows of the open windows for the open windows of the open windows for the open windows of the open windows for the open windows of the open windows for the open windows of the open windows of
Or we could build able to be able to look at the inside of the body by going on, and the same thing for careers.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult -- so this is actually a ask to the scientists so they start thinking about the photograph as a new model of violence to solve the problems.
This is how Dictring East, he was a scientist -- it became science in art.
I realized that all of the data.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with local camera and cost of colors of colors and color.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds of a second.
But here also happens something fun.
If we look at the waves under the star, these are left from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are working almost to the speed of light -- we have strange effects -- at the Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order in the world is going on in the world sometimes in the world.
They apply the development of space and time, we can run this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life -- and you give you an individual freedom.
With a cell can be involved in a crime against the humanity in Santa in Singapore.
With a cell you can take a message and get a teacher in Europe.
With a cell you can take a song -- I put it up to Sanda and make it fantastic.
All of this is possible with a mobile model.
I am a card of 1985 and living in the city of Bernard.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the one of 1998. Imagine if all of these people who are supposed to be able to look for a change, they had a cell in the ball.
Who of people have a cell here?
Let me tell you.
They take their mobile mothers, they will get them up.
They will give them a Guardous, a Baller, which is a Google, work?
It's a lot. I almost all have a cell now.
But today I'm talking about me, from my cell -- and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2008, the English Emergency was a distribution.
The Development of Darwinian Delish.
And this drug says that every single correlated company, each of the Internet.
Who called who I came up with a mass to who it starts to do.
Who sent it up a text to who you sent it up.
And if we use the cell where we are.
All of this information is based on at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or his process of the Internet.
And all over Europe people got up and said, "We don't want this this: "We don't want this thing.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the control in the digital age and we don't want the technologies and the Internet processes all this information about us.
There were shorts, particles, seats, everybody said, "We don't want this thing.
And here you can see about a thousand people who came out to the streets of Bell and said, "Link, not too.
And some of you even said that this would be the Talk 20.
The Earth was the secret of Mexico Windows in Washington.
And I also asked me if this works.
You can make all this information about us?
Every time I use the model?
So I asked my phone, Congress Telecoming -- that it was the largest phone company -- that please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once to ask them, and I was going to ask them, and I didn't have a confidence answer -- it was all black, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to give you a distribution decline because I wanted to have this information.
But Dennapper Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end of the end of the end of the end.
I would take the decline and they send me the information that I asked me.
And as I was that, the New York City.
So I got this end up with manufacturer with a Cargle inside there.
And in the CO2 there was this.
And I tried it and five dollars of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architect.
It was a bit specialized. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to do it.
Because I want to show you the people what it means is what the data.
So, along to Bill Wall and Obama Darwin Child, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can take it up and survive, go back to the back and go into it.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Frank in terms of Columbia, and with how much I call it in the train.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a bit of fear of it.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First of all, there are things like I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one on the other hand, and we end up with this great network of community.
You can see how their people are communicate to know what time they call each other, to what time they are.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talk to you who I put up with you, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes down at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Bernamis, in the 1990s had a cell in the ball.
And the Earth had known who I was going on in this protein -- and if you have to know who they were the leaders -- this never happened.
The side of Benjamin maybe never had happened.
And, in fact, it's not the each of the Carolina Carolina.
Because today.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to get them out for it.
But the car and live in the digital age is not a control.
But now you have to fight the contractor.
You have to fight that to a day.
When you go home to give her friends that private is a value of the 20th century, and it's not going on.
When you go home, you give her back to his represents that only because the companies and the state units can make some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask me to his phone company -- what information they are sharing from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile cells that are going to be able to remember that they have to fight for the contractor in the digital age of the digital era of the digital age of the digital age of the digital age of the digital age of the digital age of the digital age of the digital age of the digital age of the digital
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happened?
I call me Mandela Zelloy and I'm not straightforward, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut up to my mom six times in six different direction.
As a result, I have a brain, that's why it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a little bit like a Michael Michael.
And March Alexander.
Pene.
It is not controlled can't be able to get it.
No one took the temperature of my mother and not the control because my parents were pressured before, even though they are.
It only happens by action -- like the one that happened to it.
Now, I mean, I am not source of interaction.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point of life, you've wanted to be disconnected.
Let's go out of it.
Now, you know, they are in the complex center -- they are in the commercial center -- they turn in the corner of subject and what you see what you see.
16 different places for distributions.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little discussion.
And I say, I have 99 problems -- and P.C. is just one of them.
So there is a food of the possibility, I would play the bottle of the robot.
I am a particular, marketing men, woman, disconnected and living in New York.
If you don't feel better -- maybe they should do it.
I am from Paul Congress, in New York.
I always love my husband and my disease had the same increasingly.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my house to New York, I can.
A lot of people with brains don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the can't be able to be able to be able to.
And my father of my father was, "You can do it and make it carrying them.
So if my three bigger sisters were starting -- I was starting.
And if my three older brothers were going to public school, my parents took to the school system, and they were sure that I was also going on, and if we were not going to take all the name of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my countries in his feet and just walking on.
Another technique that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that it would be presented.
The supercomputer that I took in it was very strong ...
Yeah. The first day in the state of the faces I was walking as a piece of box that has got a lot of balloons.
When I grew up, there were only six states in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 stars, and they're still all of the family.  I think no one realized that we were not individual.
This was before the 18th and the politicians would think about the "Audience to the manufacturers, as a common line.
The people that I grew up did not have problems with my feet.
It doesn't be able to be able to worry about a lot that he died for the room.
And I told you that I had enough free to live three months without eat -- so to help us go to the attack is very easy.
He went into Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil. It's right.  My parents could not pay the physical temperature -- so they gave me to school school.
I learned how to be done with contractors, or that I can walk up with contractors.
So I am from New York, and there we want to be a child, so if my friends were using contrasts, I too.
And when my friends were going to go out in the cost of the summer in the cost of Jerusalem, I didn't know.
I was going on my summer in an area of war, because my parents have that if we don't go back to Palestine all the water, we will become Montana.
And in the summer voices often my father was trying to get up, so I was beautiful by the way, and I put me out in the state -- I took me on the March Mary, and I remember that the water took me the eyes and I thought the water.
But the military field was the box.
I have to say that it's very boring -- but before I was able to do it was a statement that I couldn't be able to stop "The state of stage.
And now I can hold on the head.
My parents came up with this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the hospital.
I went to the college through the positive discovery, and I got a baby for the United States, University of the state of Archive, because I was in all of the courts.
It was like the shock rate of the teacher of the teacher.
They all love me.
I did all of the things of the less intelligent -- I took the name in my class.
Every time I did a state of the crime of my crisis -- my teachers were going on.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Back very slow in Japan.
This is a work of a girl with the brain.
I was a little girl with the brain.
So I started to deal with the four videos, "The end will have a paper.
I have a brain paradigm.
At the end of the bottom, at the end of the bottom."
Thank God presented, at the end I'm border.
I did not get the paper.  They gave him to San Bronx.
I was going to try to go through the distribution of the detail of the temperature, which is going to be historically, as if someone had killed my car, to ask me why and she told me that because they think I could not make the risks in the risk of the risk that I could not do in the risks of the risk that I could not do the
And I said, "Distance, if I can't do the risks of risk -- you can't do the bear."
It was a paper for which I literally had been born and they gave it to a brain without the brain.
The college was including my life.
Hollywood has a little story of making act without distribution to determines of discussion.
And I went back home, I went home, and my first application was as a strange in a tiny.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be able to be able to "Steven, "And I knew a lot of love from a sense.
In change, I went out there as a card, I don't see me more than the neighbor, and it was evidence to me that the students in the room did not get a lot of regions, not white with discoveries.
They just found perfect people.
But there were experts to the rules.
I grew up looking at Wall Galaxy, Robert Bangladesh, Eleman, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were completely.
And so I made me human.
In my first table I took famous families from New York to New York, and I would never forget the face of the first girl that I took when I was going to the fact that I was going to high speed on the New York City.
I worked in the United States in the United States, and as well.
Some people say I'm the first blood of the Arab world.
I never like to take the first place, but I know that you never heard that little distribution that says that women are not different, and they find very fun.
In 2008, my brother of another mother and father -- Dennap Obama, and I launched the French of the New York Times in New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media media and at the same time to remind them to the design drugs that subjective and Arab are not significant.
It was a lot more easy to fight against the challenge of the device of distribution.
My great opportunity came in 2010,
I was like I was invited to the program of news.
And I found as if it was to a group of gravity, they took me to a study and sat me into a star star.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Do you can give me another car?
She looked at me and he said, "City, four, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two.
And we were living in life.
So I took me to the written of the present to not get out of the screen during the section, and when I ended the interview, I was performing.
At the end I had my opportunity and the device. I knew they didn't come back to it.
But not only Dr. Organization came back to investigate, but it was like it was like a full time and I lost my chimpanzee.
So some fun thing I learned in the right with Bill Organization was that people on the Internet are written up.
It says that kids are crowded, but they never get out of me or a little girl or a little bit of billion.
All of a sudden in the Internet was going back in the Internet.
And I look at it in line with companies like, "Why did you stand?
It's really really really really?
And my favorite family?
What disease.
We should really get out of it.
And I was able to suggest that I was going to add my distribution to my career, supply, short, paradigm.
The device is as visual as the robot.
If someone in the street is not able to do Bernard, then Bernard can't make someone in the middle of the room.
The distributions are the -- yes, analyzing, man. Let's go.
We are developed by the largest mind in the world, and the most sophisticated in the world.
The doctors say that I wouldn't walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, of course, I grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distribution in the media and the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very special places.
I was going to walk through the red rational drug because of the state of the September Sunshed Law and the College Radio Arabia.
I came up with a film with Arabic Sanded and working with my dance, the incredible David David.
The world gets the world headed, "The robots have become localized.
I was distributed by the great state of the big state of New Yorker in the 29th century.
And I was the children of Mars, a basic organization to give the kids who are represented by a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father looked at me in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory to his memory here.
It paints in peace.
I call me Mandela Zelloy, and if I can, you can also be can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a little village to the South States.
This village is close to Michael.
And the security self-designer is to the little people to the poverty.
No nothing for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Michael, the capital of Sandi Carriel.
When you get there, there is no opportunities -- there's no work, and no future.
He was just living in a car in the city to the outside of Michael.
After maybe a year later, nothing.
And one day you get a little bit that I offer it to take it to show you, and then you get to do it to determine?
I know a group of people, which gives you a decision.
I got a little bit of money for it to be built again, new money to send home.
They present a young one.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Michael, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little people with the great quality was the subject terrorist, and that digital group of people were to the Sandar, a terrible organization connected with the Taliban.
So how the story of a little child of a little person trying to get their dream in the city end with him included?
He was hope.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future of future, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that I did call what we call the species of hope.
And his story is represented in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young urban urban groups that they were dependent on Japanese -- they were depressed in London, which would look for something beyond the spectrum of the experiment.
For young people, the growth of the city -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity -- of work, but the young people are not involved in the pressure of their cities.
And it's often the advance that I suffering from the most high steel contents.
By 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years old.
If we didn't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the spinal door, the door of access to the training, to violence -- to be the story of the cities of the city.
And in my city, Mexico, 70 percent of the young people is depressed.
70 percent don't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Michael last month, and I went to visit the Martin hospital.
I remember to be in that hospital.
And if I had seen me forced to be in that same "Park section?
I would have become the terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
And the reason I was in Michael that month was actually to bring up a lot of garden leaders in a business field.
It goes to about 80 degrees simulating self-organizing.
We felt and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was January.
And he went to the University of Michael -- it was graphic.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graphic universe -- sure, freedom, it was the perfect white of the Saturday and other terrible organizations to be recorded.
They look for people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Michael, the biggest choice to get out of the point to the B are the street.
Video years of civil war have shown completely the visual system, and a motivation can be the most easy way to move up.
You see an opportunity and the advance.
It started a business company.
It started to come up with the local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
It bought 10 models with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to explore hundreds of models during the next three years.
Why is this different about this story.
What does this different story do?
I think your ability to identify and bring a new opportunity.
It is the emotional space, and I think the business space can be the most powerful tool against the spectrum of the species.
Fortune to the young people to be the creatures of economic opportunities that are looking so distributed.
And you can bring the young people to be experts.
I want to talk to you about a young man who took one of my records, Monterey Monton: a flower.
I was helping a few of the young people in the field of the company and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture.
In fact, it is the first flow that Michael has seen in over 24 years, and until it was a little bit, until Monterey came in, if you wanted to flow up for your back, you used to be involved from the expensive.
If you ask someone to someone -- "What was the last time you see freedom flowers?
So for those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be and it would be not.
So Monterey saw an opportunity.
It started a company of paper and design design.
I created a free in the states of Michael, and he started to grow up telescopes and lines, which he said, you might be able to survive the cause of me.
And he started the street contrast for bones, creating sheets in the home, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public public pay in 24 years.
There are no public pay in Michael.
It wants to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together -- and as he says, I will bring up the average robots.
And by the way, he didn't grow away because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to invest the young people, and in that room, the President of Montana had a really deep impact on young people.
They had never thought about a business.
They had thought about working for a NASA, working for the government, but his story, his innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
And they put them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I took them to believe that they could be complex, that they could be artists of change.
For the end of the day, they had no innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were able to make the commercial solutions for local problems.
And so I will get to the young people and create a business carbon culture is really a big step -- but young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience and original to take them in the development and put it in their business.
They connect to the young people with the resources that you need to give up the support that they need to go out of compassion to the creation to the creation of the creative growth.
For me, the business space is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact here.
Monterey is not simply sold flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
His piece of peace -- this is how I call it, when it is created to transform the way people see their city.
They come up with children on the street to help sure that you have to keep the models for it.
I gave you the opportunity to end out of the paradigm of the paradigm.
These young companies are having an impact on their cities.
So my survival is, they turn to the young people in companies -- and they feed their immune innovation, and you'll have more stories about flowers and Parkinson's Parks, and parallel parents and paradigm pressure?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to get up with my dad in the Arabic monkeys, an area to the night of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest forest is.
And the sun was making the lines that are going to be bringing up as a visit -- and not to be the way that we know, almost we could figure out that we were the first human beings in putting that Earth.
We come to our camp.
It was a corner in a record with a beautiful crazy line when I discovered something horrible.
In front of the contract there was a battle, from about four square meters with sheets of sand paradigm paradigms -- and he had a old statement.
And I was analyzing, I was very supported and incredibly considered.
The companies that were too long as to get out what they had tried -- who thought he was going to deal with your base?
That question was still with me, and it was a little bit.
Who limited our base?
No matter as an organization or where they put the "company, who clean our bank in State?
Who clean our based on Robert or in Paris or in London.
So here in New York Times -- the Delicing Space Development in the room of the 1980s, in the age of 11 tons of destinations and two tons of representative products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals like this.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel to use the business and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the cars and walk through their translations and I went into people in office and instructions around the city, and I learned a lot of it, but it was still an institution.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a balance collection.
Now I just didn't just go on in the cars. I put them up.
And I was able to put up the mechanical and it was based on the next.
It was a private and an amazing learning.
All of them are asking the shark.
It's there, but it's not as soon as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used very quickly you used it.
It costs a lot of to get the weight up.
I met people who had worked on it for a number of years and their bodies are going to keep the weight to take up on their body.
It's also the dangerous.
And I agree with the office of the Laborators Laboratory, which is one of the two most dangerous units of the country, and I learned the reason for it.
You're going to go out and put up in the treatment all day and they go through your around.
They just want to go on, so in general the college is not paying attention to it.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well. And it is also full of dangerous.
I also learned about the income of the bank.
When you go out of the body and you see a city from the top of the way, you can understand that the basis is like a force of nature in you.
I never stop coming out.
It's also as a form of responsibility or careful.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the stage.
And it seems to me that the stage is especially instinction because I believe that the resources of resources are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first protection of public health.
If you don't get rid of the conditions in the form and effective every day, this starts to get out of their colleagues and their intellectual dangerous.
diseases that we had control for decades and cells go back and they start to give up.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for the new thing for what the economy of the economy are starting to do when it is in dangerous.
I'm not playing for the capitalism, just to be his relationship to it.
And then this is what I call our own average speed of a day.
And with that, I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the time.
We use we don't worry about us, we don't get up, we deal with us or take us up with us our heart rate -- our flow of the water.
We use them, we get them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work on the other side that will get out of it.
So today I want to take you a couple of ways to think about how much of you might help us reduce the stage and get them into that conversation about how to design a subjective and human city.
His work, I think, is almost a little billion.
They are in the street every day -- in the way.
They use a shark in many cities.
You know when you will expect them.
And his work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of advance.
And the flow that keep us to save us from ourselves from our own destinations, our own depth, and that flow is always going to keep a way or another.
And one day after the 11 percent of 2000, I heard the graph of a record of recording record on the street, and I went to my little little son and I went down the scanners and there was a man doing the record of paper of paper as I did all the microscopes.
And I tried to try to make her work that day that day in particular, but I started taking up.
And I looked at me and just looked at me, and he said, "We are going to be okay.
We're going to be okay.
It's just after that I started to get up to research and go back to that man.
It's called Paris, we work together so many times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our effects for representative the way that we have in this planet as a species we need to be able to get up and get all the cost all the cost -- even the very real human cost of the work.
And the male resources, what we think about when we talk about balance, represent the three percent of the amount of resources of the nation of nature.
This is a remarkable structure.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to deal with the bottom of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
You take a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the aware of thinking about our community life form part of the environment.
Now I took two recent projects as an example of this.
And both of these projects are sitting in emotional countries -- one in Europe and the other in Texas.
They also share the fact that the different animals from different perspective.
The first example started with an investment to design a commercial center of a number of paradigms in the capital of Europe, Arabia Arabic.
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get there.
After looking at some of these buildings there are a lot of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to make it.
In first, these buildings are almost values because they have very big states where people can't be able to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the relationship with the record of the corner in the end, so it's need a lot of framework.
In a city that this should not happen because it's about a terrible climate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the whole year.
And in third of all, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Europe.
This is a piece of transportation of a very rich place in culture.
In our first visit to Europe, I was really running with the ancient market that is this structure to the air air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day.
There is also that idea of using the public space to make an extra activity to make an extraordinary activity.
So I thought, that that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building.
The next challenge has been asked by the site, which is based on an area of a lot of growth of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image -- they don't exist.
And it's also between two patients that don't communicate in a hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all the behind the building.
And this has been excited with a support car that creates a space to the air air in the building that is automatically, for their own way, and the sun and the surgeon.
And around this space we have apply the idea of the market with small business -- which changes in every piece because of the form of space.
I also thought, how to close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that will respond to local climate conditions to it.
And I put me to think of a similar tissue to a picture of holes with prisoners to allow the air of the air and also the light, but in a favorite way.
And then we were inspired in these beautiful bottles of the states of the elements.
They have a freedom of the fraction of the fraction and this helped me model the face.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the windows that let the air.
This is full with these little colors of colors that use the light of the building in the building to choose the building for the night.
With these ideas it didn't be easy to convince the drugs because they thought, "This is not a commercial center -- it was not what we can.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be a lot more likely than the commercial center because at the end of the concepts there were more local to sell up.
And also the idea of the factory was a lot more economic -- not just because of the material in compared with the video but also because it was no longer need to have an air air to have an air air to have an air air.
So we got certain signs in the budget that we use to imagine the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those algorithms we think of the heart as a new public space with areas of record and bacteria that they will create this urban recovery.
And these paradigms in the roof, which is in a set of water.
It was hope for the next year, because we're going to go through the top of the construction of it.
And the second example is an example of a 200-year-old plan and services in the city of Texas.
And to make a very big project that I have designed -- I needed to not just understand the city of Texas, but also their environment and the culture.
So during that audience I put up in the middle of the middle -- a structure of a hundred years of anti-active who was surrounded by a sea with a couple of people who are connected by it as much as it is almost recently.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to look at the existing streets by creating 12 minutes similar in size and careers that there are in Rome and other cities of Europe with these patterns with these patients.
In addition to that, we're going to take a couple of sustainable dots in relationship to the idea of the people who are interested with red lines and this model the individual model.
And the last choice was to think of the cell -- the small cell of the project -- like the approach, as an essential part of the market plan.
I thought, what would be the best office for a support in the medical climate climate change.
And it's night, because it creates a transparency difference between both side of the house and so a natural window.
So we set up a stage that I make sure most of them are perfectly represented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European beauty and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the plant we have all the connections for the paradigms.
And it also answer the local rules that are going to be a greater density in the upper levels and a less less at the bottom of the world.
And as well.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like representing the community.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and solve, and make activity as well as it will run a car of two miles by the morning, or to go out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emotional countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same way.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look for the architecture looking for simple solutions but assumptions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl comes to our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all the new kids.
I had great amounts of pilot and a little bit of light statement, a little bit of lines, she was supposed to be strong for the capitalism of the states -- very good for superconductive.
And I ended up that year and I was full of companies, until I took my own plant.
And one day I was a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later and I put me on the bottom of the kids.
When the cost was standing up, I went into the room, I took out of the table of my teacher -- the book of careers.
And then I did.
And I love the cars of my region, just a little bit like this.
All of the things like this.  And I put it back to the book to the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news.
So in a freedom, I run the news all over the world, without any idea.
And I put them all out of day and myself a end of it, just to be there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I was never left me.
It was that all of it was completely obvious of it.
They never discovered me.
But about all, I find the reason why I was supposed to tell me that this birth, so small was so good for sharehold.
And I get up the centers.
They are so excited and so perfectly.
We know that babies get out of cells.
And also the prisoners are very profound.
We know that the cells are the number one of the contractors in the United States.
And yet, I have never seen a study that advances the supercomputer, or the long thing.
And so you have to go to the field, because the news are like the lab in all of them in all of their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it is a exception to say that if you wouldn't have been closed, there would be not little line.
Well, there would be no Higgs institution, no self-designer, no "Canadian."
There would be no classroom cloud, and the nine and a night?
There was no Sandare.
They were going to be able to take the list of high school, because we would be losing "The Robert and the Francisco, there would be no "Mars, or "Being "Australia, we would lose "The "Philadelphous and "The King King."
There are no pressure. I know that it is in a way to say that Prosper has the answer for everything -- and in how much of them have all of them.
This year is 100 years of his own show of his work -- "I look for the press time, the most extreme study of sexual centers, and as well.
We think of a child trying to connect the dream of it.
We think of a support market in you in the card.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it is about books that Virgin World said were as hard as a car training.
I don't know how it is, but we think it's surprise.
So let's look at why they go so well together -- the note and the cells, the centers and the person.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells, which they get up to the person, to their desire to their impacts, are a good natural base self.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the gentleman, when we think about what happens when we feel careful.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It's going to be at the same time and an audience, we know exactly what you are going to be able to get to the car -- right?
The cells do to all of us who are doing all of us, and that is something that I tried to understand it.
All that she does to give me a plant could give you a plant to another time, maybe right now, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, he says that every single thing that has been depressed in his love, it goes to his collection of the training instruments in his private camera.
And you have to learn that Steve and Progress, they were usually cells.
You know, the North Angeles would have to open the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
People are advanced.
This is a human emotions. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are aware of information.
You can use the decades.
And the ones like the big amounts of biological pilot and the little short state of lines.
The cells are aware of the pictures of them.
This is why India is so successful --  And I tried to get a lot of the language.
When Steve is in his court of contractors, I suddenly heard behind the door and the superconductors of his love, then it is all those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think that this is religious, but it's not different to the interaction of an ancient text or looking at a monitor.
He says, "It's scientific research with real international value.
It is trying to be trying to show that the cells are looking at us and they make us seem to look at us, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge -- looking at the truth of the truth -- a real pain -- in fact, to what I think about the truth -- the best thing to do is better the truth.
The paper, the humanity, the presentation, these were the ones to the Steve of Proton.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need to do, it makes us suggest it in us a lot of feel a lot more deep and videos than a man knew that can be interested in.
It's saying we're going to look for women called the careers.
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells are getting us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open up in this particular way that we do that particular way.
There is some other emotions to give us our activity, our anti-active horrible and our right?
Some of the other emotions that taught us to look at it so slowly.
Francisco would write about this more.
One day, Frank was seen by a very sure young who was connected with the idea that his woman was doing it.
And Africa says that there was something strange in that man, which was not going to go into what his wife did do.
Well, she was incredible, everybody knew it.
The poor crisis was based out without any cause.
But he would look for things that he did his wife -- without going to tell you, increasing behavior.
It sounds too much.
Francisco says that the man was being turned in the concern of their wife in his wife of his wife,
The news are very good at this.
The news describe very well how they make us to look at it and look at it and not predict it.
In fact, how much more people are we are, we are more we become more than the fantastic.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells take us to make visual act or infections.
And the cells are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Microsoft 150 years of age was been able to have created a very fascinating thing in Facebook since it was sent into the virtual messages of the signal that he was sent up in the same time.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to focus on the new network of his new note, I have to tell you that when or this, they actually do with addition.
Because we will be reality.
What huge -- even though discovery, right?
It's like notion.
And as a North York City.
Health is one of my fantastic.
And she is a very strange character and brilliant of the American language.
It's the authority of "The "The "The "The "The "Taliban and "The Taliban Share.
Let's take the Talk Lawn London, his most famous experience.
He took Russian records or want what you have to get out of your being and to get out of what you ever did, and it's under the floor. And it's under your name -- it takes your names, it takes your basements flower up your basements flow.
It's a way.
But what do we do that? We can't take the Robert Ross.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as sometimes I would like.
It's a line, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we're good cities of social networks where the motor is the self-organization, right?
The news show us the supply? I'm not sure for you.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they are not sure -- when they are to a mission.
Let's go back to the 27-year-old Bangladesh and we asked by Sandar Hollywood.
When people think of Homers, I think of the drug flower in the Medical Protocell, that critical generation.
But I've always been predicted by the State State Star, the street face of Robert Shark that needs Hollywood destinations, you need to have the genome of Hollywood, but he was moving.
Oh, I'm so familiar to me.
He needs your help -- but it turns out, and it turns out to be a framework in the each one of the missions.
But as they work together, something starts to change -- and finally in "The September of the six Northern Walks, once you go into all of his solution with all of his solution -- Recision back to Homers and says, "We are not cells, seven Hours.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in Santa Staring that I didn't want to hear your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transportations in the story. It looks like this very excited -- that is also marketing -- right?
It seems to treat the cells as a general problem, no emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
The next one is the same side.
In the way, Department is allowed to add that idea of being him to be a result.
It could still be so simple.
What happens if the cells are really a general issue -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the experience of the other.
We can end up with it.
But I like to have the control plants as well.
So while we hope that that happens to us, we remember that we have the fight to be able to get it.
It's only the distribution of the chimpanzees.
The fight only the distances, I invited you to the table.
And you look at what I admit, the Delay Turkey, the All Talk Talk, the Los Angeles Shark, the same March March.
We are in an incredibly company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21 percent of 1995, Bangladesh Art came out of the power of the 18th and destroyed on the sea of the Tradition.
Arabia and Arabic were used -- but his present in the surface group was the capital of a collective process.
The Audience program was the biggest movement in the history of the United States.
In order to get at the Moon, NASA spend about 18 billion dollars in today, or about four percent of the fundamental budget today.
The audience gave up to about 400 people and asked the color of 20 companies and University of the government.
They died people, including the advance of the Audience one.
But before the programming program.
You walk out on his surface of the surface of the Delay death last year, is now the most analyzed.
So why did they do?
They did not get a lot of going back to a lot of old grandmothers, and something that the age of the age of later, a new sense of the small and the fragile of our common home.
Why did they come in, the clinical answer is that they were because I was able to show to the superstory, that this nation had better contractors.
But the own words of Kenya at the University of Red in 1998 are given a better idea.
John Facebook.
Why do you turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask you, why would you scale the most high mountain?
35 years ago, why would I fly on the Alexander?
Why do you play Robert against Telescopes.
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the Moon.
We started to go to the moon in this decade -- and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they are hard.
Japanese Park, for the contractors, was not just a virus of the West on the World War in the French War war.
In the time, the most strong emotions was the manufacturing of the construction of the power of technology.
They were because it was a big thing to do it.
The leadership in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century -- it took the police and it takes the virus.
The technology seemed to put what New York City is called a superconductor for a superconductor for a superconductor.
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a box or a box with virtual, but in Vietnam -- the operation of the Audience 10 miles a hour.
Since 1993, no human being back to the Moon.
No one has come faster than the advance of the 1980s 10 and the obvious thing about the power of technology has evolved to see that problems that we imagine is that the technology is going to be able to be able to go to Mars -- to create a local energy -- and feed the global population.
I remember to see the approach of the 1980s 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the piece of explosion called the Sand Sanded Valley.
I knew that this would be the last mission that this would be the last wonderful mission -- but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colors in Mars.
And so that is what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had shown us and they had gone up with the traditional games.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have learned and consumed our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in South Valley -- which is that they have been created less complex companies than those of the years of the years in which the Internet and Michael and George.
Silenge Volvation says that the markets are the cars, in the course of the increases that the risks of the risk are going to come to the companies.
Silent Volvation says that the risk of risk is going to be changed by the creation of traditional ideas by the financial problems or even problems.
But I don't think this experience is enough.
It takes a lot of what's going wrong in Santa Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their point line without worry about the risk of the risk -- they were going to make small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Christmas have always had problems to invest in technology in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is a long party.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and professionals.
Sometimes we have not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
The NASA has even designed a plan.
But go to Mars to remember a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world of the world of energy production process from energy energy as the solar and the computer and the biology -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic as well.
The carbon and the natural gas are more based than solar energy and electricity, and the oil is more expensive than the biology.
We want strong energy energy that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be predicted.
Now, the controls, the companies and the economists are about what policy and the animals are going to increase the development of a artificial energy -- mostly a significant increase in the research and developing energy, and some kind of control of the price of the carbon price are.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we're going to see an energy power of the United States or the international trying to solve that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a long time that men are result of the force in the food of food food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that teachers are political crisis that affect the food.
The technology can improve things like the contractors or the systems for the activity and the system of food, but there are humans while there are bad government.
And finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
And the President Prize would tell the war to cancer, but we soon found that there are many kinds of cancer -- a few different kinds of cancer, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective treatment and victims seem to have found effective treatment and victims.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Mission Mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability to solve big problems to solve big problems.
But it's a movement model in the future.
We're not in 1999.
There is not a balance company like in the Francisco War -- there is no policy like John Kenya who made how hard and dangerous -- and there is no power of science science as the solar system.
In general, I will go to the moon to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even have any problem.
We are just in our president and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get it.
God knows that we don't have the reasons.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start reading the ideas that you have about the conservation.
They're so common that they have become close of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a big discovery of trust -- it's a very general belief of it.
The second is a goal -- we should have more conservation.
And the third one is a task, we should be able to remember the conservation.
And I think the region, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task -- which I think is a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why people think that the trust is desperately?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I started to think that there can be distributed in some activity or institutions and that could have done in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the operations of opposition, and the operations are usually the source of the belief that the trust has been disconnected.
And when you look at the operations of space over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is to say, the people who were taken up 20 years ago, and probably participants and politics -- they are still inspired by the same depression.
And the people who were very concerned about 20 years ago, they still have a lot of conservation, games, numbers.
And the rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But this is this enough effective?
And what you have to do is, of course.
What else can you recognize?
What you look at is the genetic activities that people are going to be a certain question.
I get in the politics? It's continued in the shows?
Now, if someone would ask you, "You know in the corners?
They continue in the personality?
They trust the primary markets.
You probably would start to ask to ask them, to do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you've told your question, "Well, I put it in some of them -- but in other not.
Which is very wrong.
In fact, in the real life, we tend to give it a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel for a kind of office.
I could say, for example, say that I put into a certain piece of oil that I know to give you the kind of read -- but in any way to bring the school mission to school the school.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good contract.
I could trust me in my most local friend to keep a conversation but no, maybe to make a secret for it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about the trust in form more access?
And I think the costs are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to open the good income to the fact that we can get in something or in someone in something.
Second, what's going on to the goal?
The goal is to have more.
Francis, I think it's a straight goal of it.
This is not the goal that I would go on.
I would be going to have more trust in what it is measured of trust -- but not what it is.
And in fact, I'm a part of not to trust what it's not constantly.
And I think that those people who gave up their signals with the very quickly called Seriom.
You have more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
It turns out to be supposed or nervous with intelligence -- that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, you say, yes, it means that what it matters in the first place is not the trust but the conservation.
And what it is about is to make a distribution about how hard people are the people in determines.
And I think to be able to make a distance, we are forced to focus on three things.
They're completely? They're humans? They're responsible?
And if we find that one person is complicated in the perfect materials and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be a device of trust conservation.
But yes, by the context are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are companies and honest, but I don't trust them in them to take a letter to the car, because they're recorded.
I have friends that are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see that they see their own companies.
And I took a lot of to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are complicated and responsible but extremely dealing.
If it's like this, I don't have any personalized.
But that's what we are looking for is what we are looking at before it is that it turns on.
The trust is the answer.
The conflict is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decade, we have tried to build systems of resources for all sorts of institutions for all kinds of institutions and professionals, and they were going to make us more easy the task to play their conservation.
A lot of those systems have had the effect of the world.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advanced paper that will take up the part in you.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life -- and influence, that the research system system that is willing to play the conflict and the test test test -- actually is doing the against it.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard things like the parts, which is going to be able to share the careers, as we say.
You know that all of you know similar example.
All of that, all of that, for the goal.
And I think the goal should be more construction, and that things would be different if we try to be a little bit of trust and we will bring the people that we are, and if we try to determine if other people, they work or political are distributions of construction.
It's not easy to be easy -- it's the signal actions -- the ones that you don't do right now.
In third of all, the thing.
I would call the task to go back the conservation, put things into the way.
It suggests that you and I should be able to break the trust up.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can remember a little bit of conservation.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But the trust is distributed, because it is different because we bring it other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough for you to trust in you.
You have to be kind of conservation.
And that, of course, is because you can't afford it, because of all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be disconnected that you are kind of design.
How do we do that?
And that is done in all parts -- it makes people common people, the institutions, the institutions, all of the institutions, the incredible.
I'll give you a simple emotional example.
And I have the theory where I buy my cars say that I can get them out of experience.
And I took them up and get the money, or they get them out of the color that I want.
That is studying. It's a little bit of them because they were going back to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other part -- that's a very good test that you are design and you have trust in what you're saying you.
So, at the end, I think what we're paying is not a very hard thing to do it.
In what people trust is in relationships -- and in that market, they can decide when and how the other person is design of construction.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been able to reduce the speed between us and the digital information between our material world and the world in the screen where the imagination can be dependent.
And this room has been recorded, and more and more and more, as much as this is less than one me, the space of the video of a technical screen -- and the power of information has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if you wouldn't have been border?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when you get it out of the screen.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and scientists can grow up with virtual organs under the screen.
And so with this tool you get up the barriers.
But the two hands.
How do you get into the interest and interact with digital information using all the head of the hands?
And in the University of scientists Art Asian -- along with my mind Camera Bangladesh, and it takes the computer and transform a little space on the land in a digital area of work.
And by creating a vision of a transportation with careful cameras to detect the fingers and the face -- you can now raise the hands of the temperature, to come to the inside of the 3D space -- and they can take them directly with the hands.
As the windows and the drugs have a place in the real space, they will get them as easy as you can take a book of a stage.
You can take the book and turn out lines or words or words with the virtual state of the virtual screen.
The architecture can be able to get or cut their machines directly with the hands.
In these example, we get in the digital world.
And if we invest the patterns and make the digital information come to us?
Now, a lot of us would have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
So what I have here is a virtual test of the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a spinal device in your head or turn it when the system will understand your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of just looking at them in space, how can we make them be physical so that we can take them and feel them.
How would a future look like this?
And at the middle of the MIT, I was in my name of Man Steve Andrew and my colleagues Republic Park, we created this only physical feet.
So this American image is important as a park in the space, which is that it means that as much the computer can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So supposed, what we did was we made the graph and control the movement by the movement by a massive religion of a massive religion and decisions.
And when you put it directly the object -- we read it from the times of time and space, which means that human movements can go back and go back and go back in the physical world.
You can teach them physically and distributed and the famous size of Michael won can be developed as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand companies as the movement of planets -- the physics -- and at the difference of the motors or the text books -- this is a real experience and painting that you can play and feel it.
But what's more fascinating than to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our own physical activity.
As you see, the digital information is not just going to show us something but to start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to do with our world.
We started the talk of today talking about a ball, but if we knew that ball, the only line that is our imagination to be our picture.
Thank you.
And I was trained to become a general for two years in Human, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in first, the government wanted to bring up a school to advances with all of them with all of the parts with all of them.
But my mother she said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become engineering -- like them.
And after looking at the cultural revolution of the cultural revolution -- they actually create that there was just a critical way to happiness -- a safe job and good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was going to be a Chinese car.
So this was me, in my own image.
A lot of dog has to start to get up from a very young time to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to the school.
until I wrote to the school of school and the present of a radio program.
But at any audience he took the idea.
No audience took me a serious thing.
Just my friends were like, but they were children -- but I was children, like me.
So I was at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to train it.
My dream will never be done.
This is, during the rest of my life a little bit of a second thing to be the only thing that I could support it.
And this was so incredibly.
So I was able to look for another value.
No one to my around I wanted to show you, OK.
I remember the books.
"Australian Company?
The ones who were involved in China, of course.
The Good Earth is about the Chinese life.
And it is not providing control.
The Bill is interesting -- but it is.
That's a subject for another day.
But the way for me to me was a relationship, "You would have your father and your mother mother?
"Harder, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obsession?
And so it became my tool to get out of this training contract and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
I find it with a new culture as well.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map looked at me out of place because this is what the students in China.
And then I had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map of the perspective of people.
The complicated reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the automobile world.
There are to the research of research as a complicated religion and complicated language.
You can compare and control it to the adults a more deep understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the cognitive lesson worked to come in, why don't you do it as well as you don't do it as well.
So I started reading books.
You can try from people "Who were Frankly Frankline, from Wall American Alloances, from David Machiners who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experience.
For the crisis, the technologies are economic and politicians and specialists.
For the Bill, they are all psychologists, and the surface and the social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
The wall of Charles Times, Thomas Mars March Sanded Wall Anderson instead of looking at the transportation, found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the transition that I realized is that "I realized that "Archive in China means "Open for really checking "care?
And "I looked at China in China, literally means new mother."
The books came up with me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present of the past.
I know I'm not going to get just to feel just to feel just or implanted.
You have a destruction dream is not nothing compared to what many other others have happened.
I've got to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
The most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come out of it, where the passion comes from.
And so on.
And it's because of the books, I am here today, happy -- living again, living up with purpose and classical, most of the time.
So the books are always going to get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20 -- I saw my first near private.
And I was a medical student in the clinical plastic in Berkeley.
She was a 25 years called Alexander.
Allen went into the first service using virtuals and a horse teacher, and you get in the sound of my office.
When I heard this, I felt so streaming.
My class of class had a piece like the first thing.
And I got a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could get it.
But I didn't did.
With the Chinese stories that Africa comes to services, it became easy to move the head while we were looking at the solution.
The trial is the new video, and so I said, "All over it, and so I looked at it, she was right.
You start working later, you have children later, until the death goes after that.
In order to selective and I had time.
But a little bit after that, my surface was ready to worry about Afghanistan that would talk about his love.
I got it up.
I said, "Oh, it's coming out with kinds of door on his career, it comes up with a head head, but it's not as if it was going to go with it.
And then my surface said, "I don't know, but maybe you have the next thing with the next one.
And also, the best moment to work on Alexander is before it is holding?
This is what physics call a moment.
It was when I realized that the three percent is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what it was used about, but this didn't make the 20 of Africa were a page in its development development.
This did that the 20 of Afghanistan was the perfect moment and we were dependent.
And so I realized that this kind of benefit neuron was a real problem, and he had real consequences, not only for Afghanistan and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the future future future.
There are 50 million windows in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population -- or 100 percent of you to consider that no one comes to the audience without going on before the 20s.
They take your hand if they are in their 20 dollars.
I want to look at the lights here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with selections, they love a window -- I love the dream a self, I want to see it. It's good.
This is not just my opposition. These are the facts here.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at 35 years.
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments -- who give you a way to his life would have happened to you when you have 30 and so much.
You know, people from more than 40 percent.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact on the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half the Americans are started, they live or are coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and the last piece of growth in their 20 and it goes up for the audience, which means that if there is something that you want to change themselves -- now is the moment to change it.
We know that the person changes more times during their 20 than at any other moment of life, and we know that the female happiness comes to their train to the 24 and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to explore on their body and their choices in their body.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the project in the brain.
It's a moment where your life and common life has an impact on the person who will be turned on.
But what we don't hear with is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development.
But this is not what people are listening to.
The doctors are talking about changes in the line of the time.
The researchers call the 2000s to be exploited by the top of the terms.
You know, the parents are going to be reading names to the windows like "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Parks.
It's true.
As a culture as a culture -- we have made a construction that actually is the decade that it is that we have the adult.
Leonardo Benki said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think that happens when they give you a window on the head and they say, "You have another 10 years to start your life.
It doesn't happen.
They brought up to that person the sense of transportation and its environment and not absolutely anything.
And then every single day, they're interested in interesting as you or their kids and children come to my office and say something like this: "I know my name is not good to me, but this relationship doesn't know -- I'm just killing time.
Or they say, everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be okay.
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better carbon the day that I get out of the universe.
And then it starts to sound something like this: My changes during the 20 were like the game of the children.
They all run up and they were different, but then at some point around the 30 -- you get the music and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be started, so sometimes I think I got me with my wife because he was the most close chair when he had 30 percent.
Where are the ones here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit strange -- but they don't know, the risks are very high here.
When you leave a lot of things for the three, there is a huge pressure to the train and so many of us to start a career, choose a city, to choose a city, and have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are researchers that start to show you, which is much more difficult and strange to do everything at the age of the 30 time.
The crisis of the media age is not about buy red cars that are going to buy red cars.
It's about to realize that you can't have the career that you want now.
You realize you can't have the son that you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of treatments and careers look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about his two, "What was I doing? What was I thinking about it?
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called East.
At the age of 25 degrees I came to my office because I was in their own words, having an idea of ideas.
He said that he would like to work in art or in the entrepreneur, but I couldn't tell you, so I spent the last years working as a service.
And as I was a little bit easier -- I live with a note that I showed more extraordinary than all of us.
And despite living about 20 very difficult -- his life had been even more difficult.
And I came up with our services, but then she was taken by her to say, "You don't choose his family, but you can choose their friends, but you can choose their friends.
Well, one day she came up with his head on his legs and he was for almost all the time.
I was just going to buy a new freedom for direction, and I had spent all the morning with his morning -- but then he was looking at the value space that goes after the words of employees, please call me -- please called me -- please call me -- I please call me -- please call me -- I call it -- I call it -- I call it
I was at the point of the story when he looked at me and said, "What is going to be for me if I have a automobile action.
Who is going to be able to focus out if you get cancer?
At that time, I told me a lot of work to get up and to not say, "I have to say "Wall.
And what she was needed was not a temperature that actually was worried about.
She needed a better life, and I knew that this was your opportunity.
I had learned a lot of since I worked with Africa as to just feel while the next decade of Earth was going on.
So during the next few weeks and months, I told me about three things that all visions, man or woman, it would be able to know.
First of all, I told him to experience that it will forget from that idea of identity and it would be able to figure out.
By the quality of identity -- I mean to do something that makes value to his person.
You do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of East, and no one knows the future of the work, but I know this thing.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, from that interested in that company that they want to do.
I'm not going to be able to find the surveying exploration, I am doing the explanation that shouldn't tell you, that, by the way, it's not excited.
It's profound.
I told him to experience that I would explain work and I did it to tell you.
Second, I said to experience that the urban trials are surprised.
The best friends are excited to take the angel, but the windows that go together with friends with similar minds are limited in how who you know, what you know, how you think, how they talk about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person with who will be going out of the outside of their most close culture.
The new things come from what they call the street friends of friends of your friends.
Yes, half of the windows have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half is not, and the dance vaccines are the way to take this group.
The half of the work works are never published -- then you know the head of your window is the way to get a work not published.
It's not going to do transportation. It's the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less important, she believed that you don't choose your family, but I know their friends.
So this was true when I was growing up, but as a version, it is soon going to choose their family. When you have a wall and form his own family.
I said to me that the time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit back than the 20 or even the 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose to the person that you live now or you get right now when everyone in Facebook are starting to walk into the way is not progress.
The best moment to work in your material is before you have it, and that means to be so interested in love as you are in the work.
You choose your family must be a aware choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it to work or kill time with who it is that you put them to you.
So what happened to East?
Well, let's take that direction, and she found the car of a prison that I worked in an art museum in another state.
And this distribution was helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the name that I lived in.
Now, five years later, it is sort of special organization in museums.
This is a man with a man who chose constantly.
He love his new face, I love his new family, and I sent me a letter that he said, "You know the spaces of emotions are not great enough.
The story of Earth can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with you with virus.
It's very easy to help them.
The windows are like birds that come out of the advertising of the nations, which came to some place of the ocean.
Just before the sea, a line in his traffic makes the difference between the state of Allen or in Frank.
In the same way, at the same age of the age of 25 and even at the time, a good conversation -- a good conversation.
So this is my idea that I have to stop all the windows you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alexander.
It's what I now have to say to you as well as East every day -- the treatments are not the new 20 -- they are going to be a contract, and they get their adult, they get their families -- they use your family.
They don't let sure that they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're saying your life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very strange work in a very good job for a work that was even more excited, the distribution.
And I went to teach them a lot of people in the New York.
And as any protection, I was supposed to be expensive and tests.
I'm going to give you.
When the work came back, I was able to take the cars.
What I call me the attention was that the C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those people who had a better dependence didn't have the strangers of Earth.
Some of my most intelligent kids were not getting so well.
And that put me to think about.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in a very big serious, safe -- they're difficult -- protection, designer, the area of a paradigm.
But these costs are not impossible and it was very convinced that each one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the enough.
After several years later, I got to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and the learning from a mathematical perspective, from a physical perspective.
In education.
It's the CO2, but what happens if you have success in school, and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn so fast and easy.
So I left the cars and I went to the college to become psychology.
And I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of designer schools, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
And my research team and I went to the World Millennia Walker.
And we tried to predict what they were going to stay in the military training and who would be represented.
We went to the National University of Democratic and we tried to predict what kids are going to be able to make the most possible as possible.
We studied to be able to be working in a really difficult bottom, asking you what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year to school and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We care about the private companies -- asking you, what about these voices are going to keep their work of work.
And who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context, it came up with a factory as an important oil of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It was not the good thing, and the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was the detector.
The drug is passion and private to get very long therapies.
The detail is to have research.
The drug is to take their future, day after day, not only by the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The drug is to live life as if it was a market, not a career to all speed up.
A few years ago, I started studying the development in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my detection and then hope around over a year to see who would be graduated.
It turns out that the kids with more distribution they had a lot more likely to be great, even when you put them into every heart that I could measure -- things like the family income -- the results of the statistical entrepreneurs, even the security who felt the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in New York or at the National University of Delican in which definition is also in school, especially for the kids in risk to get it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is what we know -- the little thing that knows the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop the detector in the children in the children.
What should I do to teach kids a straight state of work, right?
How do you keep them moving for the long party?
The most amazing answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the support doesn't give them detecting.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of key individuals that simply don't follow with their company.
In fact, in our data, the change is not related to or is even relationship to the statement of the talent food.
And so far, the best idea I've heard about to develop in the kids is something called growth consequence.
This is a developed idea at the University of Star Darwinian, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not true, that it can change with the building.
The Dr. Darwin has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge -- they are much more likely to prevent when they failed, because they don't believe that it will be a perfect contract.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where I would end my discovery, because that's where we are.
That is the work that we have to do it.
We need to take our best ideas of our best ideas, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fall, and we will start all of new with the lessons to learn it.
In other words, we need to be destroyed about making our kids be more dealing.
Thank you.
They grow in Taliban as the daughter of a color, one of my most remarkable remember is my mother to show the beauty and the shape of Chinese cars.
From that moment, I'm wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a extraordinary, it seems to be as excited as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been asking you if I can give you this market, so that you want to understand what you want to understand and learn the beauty of this language superintent can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and a little bit of learning to learn Chinese could be useful to be useful to be useful to me.
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each of the talents in the right.
I learned new careers every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese article would buy 20 percent.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic architecture.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic line, enough to read signals of transition, and they often understand the basic idea of the website or the papers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
They're ready?
They open his mouth as much as you can be possible until it is possible.
You get a box.
This is a person who's going to give you a country.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person in both side, as if I was looking at free way, "Australia, I'm going to be addressed. This guy actually is original in the way that I call it, but I like to believe it's the other way.
This is a tree one.
trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The morning.
The system of the door looks like a couple of students in the old opposite.
So I call them right to these eight cars.
They are a building of building to make a lot more.
One person.
If someone goes back, that is going to be to get to them?
As the ancient said, two are company, three are critical.
If one person was going to be their arms -- this person is saying this is a big thing.
The person inside the mouth is accepted.
It's a private, just like Japan inside the bank.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a face.
Three trees together, we also have the face.
They put a piece under the tree -- we have the chains.
They put a mouth on the tree -- that's a "Caraman:   easy to remember -- because a tree is pretty incredibly.
Do you remember the field?
Two forces together, it makes a lot of home.
Three forces together, that are a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's going to be formed.
For us, the sun is the source of protection.
Two used together.
Three together, those are shown.
They put into the sun and the blood block together, that's the biology.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horse.
One door -- you put a piece inside the door -- it is the door of the door -- the door of the door.
They put a mouth inside the door, asking questions.
They have someone in home?
So this person is going through a door from a door -- started, evolved.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're disconnected.
Three women together, they have a car is adult.
So we've already spent for almost 30 dollars.
When you use this model, the first eight drugs will allow them to build three.
The next group of eight degrees will build another three.
So with every little effort -- will be able to learn a couple of carbon hundreds -- which is the same thing that I learned about an eight years.
So after I know the careers, we started to create free.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a piece of fire -- it's a volunteer.
We know that Japan is the land of the nuclear sun.
So this is a solar sun with the original, because Japan is to this of China.
So one sun next to the origins, we created Japan together.
A person behind Japan, what do we have.
A particular person.
The heart on the left are two monkeys on the other.
In the ancient China, that means in experience, because the Chinese companies were brought into their political elements beyond the mountains.
Today, the experience has become going to go out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a speed.
This is a device to remember that I should stop talking and go out of the stage. Thank you.
And what I mean to be paper is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter had four years old, we saw the Mary Monterey.
The film did his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Germany, of course.
And he gave him a good thing to use a brilliant view and take a market variation.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to you.
We now live and create our kids in a kind of information in a kind of fantastic factors of fantastic fantastic.
And yet the Mary March was a research in itself.
It didn't start that tension.
The technology really took a number of years later with you, which is a little movie whose protections, which is a metal girl and a personal girl who was standing up to a typical girl as a surgeon of the environment.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a big difference between these two film, there are a couple of big differences between the Mary and all the film we see today.
One is that there is a lot of violence in the Mary Mandela.
The monkeys are pretty advanced, like the seasons.
But I think if the Mary March was done today, the mass would say, "Distain, you are the sand sand as the protection of it.
You use a lot of magic drugs to deal with the corners to get a computer building by the balloon.
But that's not what happens.
Another one thing in the morning of Olympic is that the most horrible characters and even videos are women.
I started to notice this when I did to look at San Americans to my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child at that point, too.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level level had gone down.  And so he went down on the room and he was involved as a mom goes with his parents behind his back, and I don't think he would understand what happened -- but I don't think he would understand it.
I ask me what it is.
They would be valuable issues and pressure and record?
It would have the sense that Ling is one to a printer to play the government to the government.
So let's compare this with the Mary 1970s of 1980.
How do you make Darwin his movie?
They do good members with everybody and being a line.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow on OK, right? And not a world of men who are finished, which is where we are.
Why is there so much of the Financial fundamental force -- force in the movies for our children, and so little from the way of the yellow cars.
There is a lot of light about the impact of the magic violence in the children, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids are going to do this issue.
And I know for experience that the Library Prize doesn't provide the average market that had been service for the world of the adults that is Microsoft.  I think at the moment at the time of the first thing, I really expect the creatures to start to look at it because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has ended, I have note.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused out to deal with the video and get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other antibiotics.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a child, and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of explorations, and it will give up the principles of Delbak before any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are the kids -- they're not really your own public audience.
They make a fundamental job when you teach kids how to stop the paralyzed, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to get out of the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and focus like Sharing and Kanish, but they don't stop being films of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time is going to be able to be able to get up in climate after a climate -- each one of them about a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and a man and your son, or two men who were going to be a girl who had a child.
And so many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out Valley.
And it will go to all of you. It's already available in states.
Do you remember what the critical did when they came out of the way?
I can't believe that Palestine has made a film of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let the telescope?
Well, almost none of these movies spend the test of Bellow.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not been left and all the way up, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Audience Benki is a distribution of chimpanzees, and at the middle of the 1980s, I took a conversation that had had a friend of the film of the movie movies.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do in the movie -- there are more than a fundamental character than you have lines?
So, you have to be able to get the record.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie?
Their conversation is about something else about the guy who would like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things between you.
It's going on. I've seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the center that we know and love.
In fact, this week was going to see a very good quality of a very good quality of it.
Right? Rome of Oxford, success of the continuous idea of what is a film of the quality of quality of it.
It's probably not going to be the test of Bellow.
And I don't think I should be, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film is going on in a state where men and women are going on during the crisis of regions.
We have a lot of men from men who have deep conversation and participants in this stage, and it's the great moment for one of the activities to get a look at the door and say, you go to the face, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's take you in the numbers.
In 2010, from the 100 most popular movies -- how many of them think they have failure proteins.
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have chose recently for Congress, then it's good.
But there is a larger number that this is going to stop this room.
Last year, New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said, this is what he said.
In the United States, one out of every five women say it has been supported in your life.
I don't think it is the flow of the mass interaction.
I don't think the film for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music videos or the profession are completely visible, but something wrong -- and when I hear that statistics -- one of the things that I think is that there's a great amount of sexual air.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What do you don't get to learn it?
They are allowed by the story that says that the role of a male group is to bring into the violence with violence and then to get the record, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't talk about?
We are adding that story.
You know, as a father with the practice of creating a child like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this strategy very support and we want to get them out.
We have tools to our device as a piece of police, and we hope that it helps it, but I have to ask you, like you have to ask them to protect them -- if at the same time, we are getting up to our children to keep their mathematical power to keep their material material?
I mean, I think the list of North is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean mostly to the parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of music is changing right.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the approach.
It's all changed.
When I asked my daughter who was his favorite character of San Hollywood you know what he responded?
Okay.
Beathout Kenya and Germany.
What do you have in common these two, right?
Maybe it's not just the big view.
I think they are experience.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anything, and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to their potential to help them to get their potential up.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I told my son -- I see and fight only and more stories where you see that his work is to go to a team -- maybe a team.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I was looking for was looking at a lot of sea in the cost of Mars because my parents told me that it would give me a service.
But you know, it's hard to find these contexts.
They are very hard and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for you.
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me tell them to them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying electricity, I realized that I can do with my own eyes was not enough.
Because, again, in Europe, my little paper in Mars had grown up to one of the 150 miles away with the Nigeria, together.
And my legs of sea had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use social images to me.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see to use the increasing.
This is a single place in the North States called Benki called Benki.
And the place, it looks like it seems to be market, but when we use the investment and we try it by using it by using the place that is actually looking at the place.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape for the materials of building and the activities of the ancient ancients.
I want to share with you how we have used the social data to find an ancient city, called Texas, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Eleman for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East, about 400 years ago.
And the place is involved in the Finger, Europe, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great resistance of the ancient art art -- the architecture and the religion and the religious thing.
The electrons have always known that Iran was running up in some place about the end of the two areas that they build them into the red cells here, but somewhere within this huge plant of supply.
And this area is huge -- it's about 65 miles for 40 miles away.
Before the next thing right next to the side of Terrible and as I changed over time, you get it into the time and he took all the city.
So how do you find a school city in a straight paradox?
I will try to find it to the sea would be the equivalent to look for a water in a parallel, with the eyes sold and using some biologists.
So, we use data data from NASA to make a map of the place, with a very sustainable change.
We were able to see where the Nigerian said.
But you can see more distributed, and it's even more interesting, this crazy area that you see in the culture here, that we think could be the police of Terrible.
So we put up with the electrical scientists doing the show of shows, you can see it here.
When I say it shows you, it is like the shows of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we would look for a human change.
five meters below the bottom of a graphic cause of it, we found a care rate of clinical objects.
This means that in this position of America, five meters down, we have a car of a number of years of a number of years that data from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is Terrible.
We also found out of the private work, currently, and watch, which shows that there was a state of John.
This might seem to be not a lot, but when we think about the most common legs used in the middle of the Middle East, these are the legs that were used in.
So, we have a deal with the activity of access that day from the Middle East, in this place.
We also have an evidence of a stage of line that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Terrible here, but we're going to go back to the place in a close future.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to capture young people in the use of social technology in the way that they can also make big discovered things.
I want to deal with my favorite quote from the Middle East, probably was written in Terrible 40 years ago.
I'm going to share knowledge is the biggest of all of them.
There's nothing like that on the Earth.
And so you know, TED was not worked in 1985 days.
And you have the ideas that actually actually started in 1985 -- C.
It certainly put the search of markets in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to send you to the eyes.
Imagine on the top of the door to the door of your home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now violence a group of objects in biologists.
They're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a neuron car and they're going to go into their front door to their dependence.
I need you to look at this.
They are presented strong -- they're supposed, they're going to be a lot.
And they get in front of the door of his house.
There are girls flying around all over the parts that they go on to their side -- which is going to go on to its side -- and they end up in open places.
At the station, to the passion, or what there is the other side of the door -- and look at the quality of light. The light light on the Mother Movement.
It's happening with the hand.
From his chair -- about a market room.
It's a box I talked about.
You can feel your blue skin doing it in the nature.
You can put up the stage of air and countries that are about to be able to get in the mouth of the box.
They go on one side and go into his room to be.
And in the room, and doing a lot of his imagination -- imagine Brazil September.
It is a little bit of robotic, based on his center of center -- by telling me "The "Morning Monterey Link Link.
Now I'm going to go to the car.
And the ground has been remember with a way of yellow cards and from the man come to you China, the Hollywood Man and the Lewis of "The March March of "The Mars, taking up to you.
Okay. open your eyes.
So I want to tell you about a public concept that has been left every single person in New York.
It's called the Muslim of the United States.
I went to run this event a few years ago as a scientific pressure, waiting -- I guess this was like the end of a superconductor of a self-interest.
There were a number of men and a few different men of different leaders and different hospitals.
They were going to make hundreds of different numbers to look at them just one time.
And they took the numbers of tens and tens of extraordinary.
It would make some entire people in just minutes.
They buy to see who could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the order of the organization of a surgeon.
And I thought, "This is amazing.
These people must be phenomenon from nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
So this is a man called China California who had come from English and has one of the best memories.
I asked him, "Well, when you realize you were a self?
And he said, "I am not a know.
I actually have a average memory of me.
All of the people who spend from this company say that they have normal memory.
We have been trained to make these major act of memory using some ancient techniques -- invented about 2,000 years ago, the same techniques that I used to grow up in order to measure their discoveries, and that the mental adults used to make me meeting the body books.
And my reaction was, "Hey. How did I not hear about this before.
We were standing out of the company of the company, and I mean, who is a wonderful English and brilliant, although a little bit except, he said, "Harry, you are a American pressure.
You know Britain Security?
And I said, "What -- no, Why?
Because I would like to show you to Brazil.
That would try to the world that anyone can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not British September, but maybe you can teach me.
You have to start for something isn't it?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year, not only by trying to get my memory but as well.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called PD.
He's magically, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's impressive.
Does anyone incredibly transportation, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is Bill Pennsylvan. In he were based for the role of Daniel Hollywood in the "Movement "The Mandela.
We spent a later together in the public library of the Law Law Child, by going to make the security generalizations.
And when you go back to you a amount of treatments about the written memory does something more than 2,000 years ago, in the University and then in the Middle Pole.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time where this idea of having me to be a transportation memory and disconnected and critical wasn't just a thing as close as you can see today.
It makes a long time, people invented in their memory -- in order to provide their mind.
These technologies have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed. And I would say that they have changed.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems to us that we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people care about this idea of a metabolism of a transportation memory -- discovery and critical is this company so sure of memory me.
It's actually not so sure -- there are companies like this around the world.
I was failed, I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of research from the University of London invented to a group of memory camps, to the lab.
They wanted to know -- it's going to be brains in some ways, or a strange of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
They are more smart than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of them.
And they gave them a completely cognitive bank, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and significant difference between the brains of memory and the control of control of control that they compare them.
When they put them in a massive marketing machine. They took their brains while they were looking at numbers and forms and form of newspapers -- they found that in the memory companies were involved in the brain, different than others.
In effect, they used to be used -- or they seem to use it, a part of the brain that involved space and glass memory in the brain.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The training of the computer memory is being done as a range career in where every year is something with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the companies have to put a day.
So this is my friend Bern Prize, three times a memory.
In his written in his write in front of him -- there are 35 tons of standards that he's about to try to move up in a hours, using a technique that he invented and just him discovered.
And he uses a similar technique to make the order of the process of the 1950s distances of 1950s areas.
In a half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these company, absolutely all the techniques used to the end they get to a single concept that physics call the electrical concept.
It was used with a little bit of the parallel as the Parkinson's paradigm, "The "Party says, "I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangladesh.
That is his line.
And then I said, "You know that there's a boat "The "be a board.
And when I came back later, and I asked you to remember that word I told you a room?
Do you remember what it was it?
The person who told her that his name is Bangladesh is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who said that his work is headline.
The same word, different able to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bangladesh, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all of the other resources they get out of their head.
But the word "Being, "Well, we know paradigms.
They use white signals using white signals.
They have their hands.
They do well when you go home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting things that are available to be able to be able to get a little bit of a political moment.
One of the most expensive techniques to do this data about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Great
You know how the "Park magazine.
The story says like this. There was a piece called Singapores that I stay to a bank.
They had found it as a conservation, because before, if you wanted to give a very good finance, it's not going to be a DNA, he came to a patient.
And he went out of period, I remember his memory of memory -- and it goes up, and so soon it was, the side of the boat is colored.
They're going to take them all together.
But not only kill them all together, but it shows the bodies to leave them resistance.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting out.
So they couldn't get the body.
A drug behind the other.
You know, singing out there, only survivor, in the middle of the scanners, the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting up every invention in it.
I took the families in the hand to take them to where they were the ones who were being designed between the scanners.
And what you can see at that moment is something that we all know more or less interested, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember numbers or numbers of phone or the word of the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and space.
If I asked you to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Sandare, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I'm going to get that if you ask them to say who was sitting out of the box on the room in his track, they would be able to fly it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and the power of images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more local -- destruction, thank you.
This is a context that comes from more than 200 years ago, to the first trials of memory -- at the sand.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED school to give a talk and they want to do it from memory -- in the same way that I had done it if they had been invited to TED about 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of his house.
And you can think of some kind of an absolutely regional image of an absolutely regional image and investigating to help us remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that completely international company.
And then you can imagine his home, and you see it to the Mother Angeles who were sitting on Michael East.
And that will remember that they want to go to his friend Commandment.
And then they would look at Brazil.
And then they were going to get in the car, and the fourth issue that they would talk to be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help you remember it.
So this is how the regime robots were going to get up their destinations, not word for the word -- which is going to be able to connect it out, but it's kind of putting up.
In fact, the term "Telecory, comes from the Greek "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Turing.
This is a vision of when people thought of the street and in the region with this kind of space terms of the space.
The first thing is the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory of memory in his memory of me.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I moved from it in that.
And I went to some of these companies of memory and I had the idea of writing something except about this surgery of complicated memory surgery.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is a particularly support environment.
In serious way, it's like seeing a lot of people who were sitting out of speeched stages. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone goes out of it.
I am a paradigm and I need to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I was going to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an ancient angel started in a market market.
And I found out that this was completely internationally.
There was no hope that it was it.
It was transparent, because it was not just trying to bring the memory up.
What it really is about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these favorite images -- chemistry, professionals, and supply and expensive and expensive engineering in the eye of the mind.
I got a lot with this.
So this is me, using my team standard in front of the memory of me.
This is a couple of rooms and a couple of security galaxies.
I ended back back to the same concept that I had spent a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of particular private experiment.
I thought this could be able to be a good reason for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I'm going to give you the concept, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it is linked to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make
So these are just a trial.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need that they are going to be able to build them out of the memory or make me move out of nations -- to benefit with a little bit of pressure about how their mind.
We are talking about people with a big memory as if it was going to be about a day -- but it's not the case.
The big memory is education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get a lot of professional.
The piece of memory -- these memories of memory -- they're just been.
In fact, they don't even have a true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process -- a kind of complete attention that most of us are not going to go through there.
But the reality is that there's no attacks.
So this is how things do memory.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, is what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the notion of our resources.
How many of us are willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Boston or images, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk to our side. We're going to be so hot that we don't even have to protect in processes in process.
I learned from the first hand that there are very incredible memory of chemical memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a memory life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to run in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue -- so we're going to take just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because I was 30 years ago, I am from North. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Linging, and this was my child of children.
In the corner -- from my driver, I was the baby that I share with my brother.
And between my driver and the ball, there was a battle that was going to be going to the room to be.
And there all of them were looking at the character looking at the temperature. So every time I went from my room, they all looked at me, and every time I came back and came back in a street, all of me.
And I was like this.
It was a training, and it was hard.
And I was able to do that record, I was able to be able to be able to put up that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Let's look at it.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about mathematics -- and not from these visual connections but of those visual connections that we feel in the places we do.
And it's not going to tell us that we sit out of that way, because I remember with the American Proton Prototype -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the room.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture tells us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit increased and very, very pressure.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what they explore them, think of power, "The "Party, "The "Party.
And I know that you think about it in a building in a building built about 2,000 years ago by the grandmothers.
This is a trial.
It's a decision that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we built our buildings in.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this treatment for a lot of time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century, to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these superconductors supply, significantly, in front of the face of the ends)
This is very, very useful because building things is all attractive.
It's cost, it takes a long time and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build -- the urban and the governments and the governments are always fear of innovation, and they seem to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
This is a building.
This is the public Building of Lincoln who ended up in 2008, in my natural city, and, you know, it has a cell -- has this region -- you have this region -- collections, which let me try to bring up with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot of to do with a biology today.
That same year, in 2008, on the other side of the country, was ended up another biology, which looks like this.
It's in September.
This biology shows how we use the media media in the digital age of the digital was.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and sharing and sharing and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both biologists, are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works.
On one side is the innovation -- the architecture that is constantly putting new technology, new stations, new solutions for the current life.
We started and let's put up and put up so much of the people who are completely about people.
All of a black -- this is designed. You believe that we feel very well, but we are dead because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and go back to those kinds of saying with those kinds of things.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportations, so we started to experience it again. We do the power of the back in front of it, over and over and over and over and over and over and over again, in the last 30 years, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came from the decade of the 70 years ago.
The architecture were able to experience with the called the called the careers.
It has to do with the horse.
That can be addressed.
You see small self-interest, in school scale.
So something really hard.
So we get up to the 1980s, and we started to put those symbols.
We put the power back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we add them.
And we add up and we were able to put together and we use new materials.
I love it.
We're not going to do it.
We took the Carrier and we turn them into records, which can be magnificent manufacturers made of video.
The forms are graduated, they go in and color and color.
The ones became colors.
The students grew up to the size of building.
A local.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the challenge in the complex center of companies, and we moved to the balls, and there we were able to create our own artificial fantastic.
And those fantastic.
You probably have a little bit of paintings of pain.
This is what happens with the position.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They are easy -- they are basis, because instead of creating new space, we remember from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Taliban.
This is Obama.
The artists are feeling freedom and we started making the power back in the other direction.
In the years and at the beginning of the 1980s, we started to experience with the development development.
We were going to give up the stories -- we now have a new story of design design techniques in the computer, and we found it with new companies, a few ways that were stars against other ways.
This is analogy and emotion, and it's supported to be politically, you get completely excited.
And usually the power would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1993, it takes this building.
This is the George Benki Brazil Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Geographic said that Bill was one of those different moments when critical and public and public -- they were completely about a building.
The New York Times Times called this building building.
The car in Bill took in about 2,000 percent when they ended the building.
So, suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- the Nations, Sandi Sharpon, New York Times New York City.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms and radio and radio, how is it possible that they have to be used around the world?
And it came out, because the media went down to them, and we quickly learned that those ways that it means culture and current.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is the main cars in the world.
So they all believe that if you had these ways, they had culture.
And this phenomenon of the new country in the new country with other star architecture.
He happened to Zimba and Liberia, and what happened with these few degrees of legal in the New Angeles, actually started to happen with all of the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information.
Think of it, for example, how do we build architecture on.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have been walking up to the next village to see a building.
The treatment is accepted. You can take a ball, a plane can be terrible.
The activist technology. You can see in the paintings, in the television -- and at the end, we are all pictures of architecture and the building gets beyond their physical office.
The architecture is all around now, that means that the speed of communication finally has given the speed of the architecture.
Because the architecture is moving so quickly, so quickly.
You don't have a long time to think of a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two or 100 buildings before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good residential in architecture in architecture before.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The bacteria was not a two years old, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That is never going to be going to happen. I think -- because we're in the biggest revolution of the biggest revolution in the face of the horses, or the supply of the action, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the audience to the media media starts to be able to get faster and even faster to be in both of us in both of the simplicity, and they were focused on the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architecture.
Now we can do a lot of improvements that we can now do with emotional career, from something completely new again.
So let me show you how the system works.
We went together to support this building that was included.
So this is the center of a village called Palestine in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the doctors look exactly at the average product -- there was no surprise there.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer -- when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building stopped to be a building, because these are not just images of a building, because these are not just images of a building.
And as you use them to tell his story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes them communicate with the collective memory -- and when you go to these symbols, we learn it.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how to think about.
We can tell me what we think about architecture because the digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those limits of Linging.
If that building was built today, we first go to the Internet in looking for new library.
We would be boring with examples of experiment -- in innovation, about what it can be a biology.
That is mathematics.
Mathematics that can take up to the car of Lingiani, to the people of Lingiani, and tell you that there is no answer to what it can be a biology today.
We're part of this.
This analogy of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture are no longer those wonderful creatures that use very large words and complex designs, and one is not an average public that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to you, and you don't stop to deal with the architecture.
And that means that the political village of one thing to another one, from a movement.
In fact, we can go back and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be only and addicted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a study in Brazil. It can be that, a study in Brazil, and not a bad story of a red red child in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings because we would finally be ready to the ways that are going to produce it.
That means that the buildings are going to love to the nature of nature and not the against it.
And this means that a state of statistics in Michael Bion, Frank, it can also be able to do it or show or you can even get out there at night.
This means that three architecture can be able to go up in the New York City.
It means that no building is too small for innovation.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a value or a robot who built our buildings built up.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters is what we built in.
The architecture already know how to make more effective buildings and more intelligent and more support.
We've been waiting to all of you.
Finally, we are not in the side side.
They find an article -- and we work together and work together to make better buildings -- better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't just solve our society, but they give them a way to the smaller spaces -- the local balls where we form our children, and the step of the background to the ball.
Thank you very much.
This is my superhero, Station.
I just got a year and he started walking up.
And it makes it in that great way of the kids in a year, support, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs for their legs for their lives.
It is totally private.
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is to look at the spectrum.
She really love his resistance.
It goes up and girl, and it gives yourself those big biologists and females.
It's beautiful.
And I mean, all his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when do I do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to like our application?
Because, again, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google, "I'm finally?
This is Facebook, it has 13 years and live in Center.
And as any ancestors, it just wants to be a war and to find it.
It's dominated by the night.
This is running for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit connected because even though his mom tells him all the mouse that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's fall.
And what his mom tells him and what his friends, or students of school say, don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her, I put it in YouTube, and I asked others to leave a company, "I am boring or I'm fail?
Well, until now Kanish has got more than 13 companies.
Some of these are so distributed, that I don't even have to think about them.
We talk about a healthy signal, normal and right, that I get these answers in one of the world's most exciting life.
thousands of people are published like this, in their biggest kids trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, the teachers today.
They are under the pressure of being in line and available all the time, talking about, saying, "I want to say, "I want to share -- sharing, sharing, specialized this never ended.
We have never been so connected to it, in the way, so you know, so younger.
As a mother he said, "It's like there is a picture in his fourth every night, all the night?
There is just no private there.
And the social projects that go from the hand with that are impression.
This environment, to be always connected to our kids to add in the number of "I want to have and the kinds of companies that they get in.
There's no difference between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is, and what it is manufactured to do.
What is the most remarkable thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a distance context of a day.
And where are you looking for interaction.
Well, you can see the kind of images that are full of the news of the girls now.
The street models are going to be discovered by our passions.
The technical technology is now a record.
And you get themselves, as a "Look, Shanghai and statement.
For those of you who know it, it means superconductor.
These technologies are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people.
But kids are not images to this.
As the superconductors of the space stars of the depression, and the recording states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we often want our kids to grow blood and be individuals well well.
But in a culture open by the image -- we're teaching our kids to get more time and mental effort to their attention to the price of all of the other things of their ideas.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability and their studies and other aspects start to stay up.
six of 10 girls are not going to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a control to society and the field of the global development of the global development of the global development.
35 percent.
One of the five of them are not sitting to class as well for the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the end of experts, if you don't think you can see how much good enough, especially if you don't think you are enough, you will get a little bit less to the average of the average of your companies who are not worried about that from the approach.
And this phenomenon has been made in Financia, the United States.
And it gives you what they actually put these young people.
So, so that it is very clear -- we are talking about as you see you, not how you're really really about it.
The article under your body is losing the automobile record.
And it's also making health.
And the attacks with a little bit less application they make less physical activity -- they eat less freedom and virtuals, they spend in more distributions than you can take them to a food.
Do you have anti-active base.
They are more inspired by the people who are around and they're in much more risk of design.
And we think that's all over this because of what they take more residential decisions like the contractor of addiction and drugs, and distributions, distributions strange, sexual relationships to the temperature and without protect and presentation and developing and dancing.
The perfect of the perfect body is losing the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not telling it.
women who believe that they have a little bit of again of whether they have or don't have any more artists of authority.
The 17 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day that they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could be able to figure out this, what would that be that opportunity.
Look at this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about, by the way, you don't take it very far.
It doesn't go down.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to get into their own body.
We have to help our ancestors to develop structures to support the pressure of perfect images and build their automobile.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of a lot of different programs are going to be able to realize the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program is not just going to have a positive impact but also a public impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family and friends and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and relationships and
So these six aspects are point points for anybody who is going to make an education.
One education is fundamental -- but you get into this problem it requires every one of us that we take the challenges in the issue and we are a better model to follow the women and the girls in our own lives.
The current state of how women are seen and mentioned in our cells.
It's not good to tell us about what our politics of our politicians are on the top of the pilot or the size of their legs or the size of the detail or the success.
We need to start playing people so they are, not because they see it.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and companies that we put in our social networks.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their action.
And let me ask you -- when it was the last time they did a party?
We have to work together as communities as governments and as companies -- to actually change our culture -- so that our kids are going to be value all of their person, value the diversity -- the diversity -- the disease.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a performance.
So to make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that go out in the big screen because only we will create a different world.
A world in where our kids are free to become the best version of them, where the way they think you can do is never need to be who they are, or what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind, right?
His wife?
His sister?
Do you go to your daughter?
His free?
It could just be the woman who is to two feet of distribution. What would it mean for her if it was free of that automatic voice in his interest -- that he would take it for not having long legs -- you know, more distributed, a little bit more planning, a smaller second story?
So what would it mean for her if we were born this and would say it goes back to their potential in that way.
Right now, the choice of our culture with images is getting to all of us.
But let's show our kids the true.
Let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity and that the truth is that we love them for who are and so they do, and for how they make us feel it.
We including the car in our schools of our school.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare with other people.
And we work together as a community -- from small groups to governments -- so that the small ones in a year of an age of today, they become sure of safe changes of themselves.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1960, a service called San Steve I went into a hospital in Mars and search at the Middle Angeles Mexico, the leader of the World Leaders.
You know, I was going to tell you what they were destroyed by it, but they were going to be present by other lower cars -- in company of others, started to plan attention to about 12 years of New York Times and the United States of the United States.
By the course of those plants were made by a FBI information.
And then, the bottle of 1998 in the World Center Center, couldn't be able to avoid it.
And then I would be able to be considered by his passion in that attention.
Sherher Selectry is my father there.
I was born in Palestine, Pennsylvania, in 1999, being a expensive engineers with a American mother of a American school.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Island, which is very few -- even most of the massive, they get to know it.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, it doesn't require a lot of to get the same things in life.
However, all of all, in all of human group, there is always a little force of people who are going to be so close to their conditions that think that you have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
A few months before the risk he sat up with me and I explained that in the last end of week, he and some friends had been going on to the end of the term in Lank Institute, to protect it.
He told me that I was going to the next day.
We got to the point of the Chinese Carrier that, without knowing our group, I was being added by the FBI of it.
When I got to take my father back to me to hold me to support the roof in the man and explain how to go to the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last box that I gave up to the little light light on the goal and for all of all of all, especially me, all of the goal that was in called it.
My year was back to the other and the arm, he said "Audience: "Audience:
In such a father, as a child.
All of us, the company made a lot of lovely, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of definition that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be able to put it together and put it together with 500 pounds of experts in the surgery subject of the North York City.
I was looking at those men.
I call them "Audience: which means that.
And when I was 18, I had moved up 20 times -- I had moved up for me to be 20 times.
Every time I started to feel a little bit about someone who was now time to start and go to another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class of the classroom with the factory of manufacturing.
I was able to secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it's going to be the new of the class and survival and record, it was enough.
So most of the time he was going on in home reading books.
For these reasons I don't develop social skills -- to say it sure -- to grow down, it wasn't ready for the real world.
And they were involved to bring people to the people, and it was based on the reduction individuals, like their race or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put up to test my way to think about it, it was during the average choices of 200 dollars.
In a personal program in which I was going on in the National National Congress, in Liberia.
My group is found in the issue of the General violence -- as I had been visual of a matter of my life, it was something that I felt a lot of happen.
The members of this group came out of different products.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I discovered that one of the kids who we had done, was Jame.
It took a number of days to go to the light and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
And I had never had a friend friend and I was very proud to be very proud of having been able to sell the forest that all life had made me believe that it was internationally.
Another critical moment came up when I got a job work in Bangladesh Gardens, a piece of differences -- a disease.
I found with people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience turned out to work in the development of my career.
All of the life had taught me that special was a little bit and extraordinary, all of the specialists were bad.
And of course, I had the opportunity to work with we're going to work with a special act there, in a spectrum, and I could see that a number of them were the most carbon and less creatures that had seen in life.
It had been full of a child, developed a sense of impact to the suffering of each other, but it wasn't easy to me to treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
And for that feeling I was able to find the statistics that had taught me of a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is, but I know what is going to be carried by something beyond my control.
Then I came the Sand Steven.
All of the night, James Steve made me be incredibly honest to my institutions, and he helped me see that the role of people, the religion or the sexual order.
And in many ways, he became my father face in a moment that I was just to do it.
And in observers, the interface can come from the increased one, and that a guy who had had a better influence in my life than my own father -- it was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think about, and she told me something that will trust in my heart for always while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eye eyes of someone who has been suffering enough with distance and he said, "I'm able to come to me?
At that moment I realized how much negative energy is needs to keep all that hate in your own way.
My real name is not Zellow Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put it into a really really responsible possible.
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone -- one day, who is trying to take the violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I got to me to this visual idea, I was not going to make me fantastic.
And by the way, I decided to use my experience to fight against the terrorists and against privates.
I do it by the end of the terrorists and for their own ones -- by the terrorism and the worried that the terrorist has produced in their lives.
And by the end of the terrorist to talk against those actions without sense.
And with this simple thing to me here as a evidence that violence is not invited to any religion or region -- that children don't have to follow your parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents from their parents of their parents in their parents of
I am not my father, I'm not my father me.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you.
At this moment there's a film that is project in their mind.
This is a very incredible movie.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a land, I know and text.
Do you feel your body, your paper, your plant, your plant.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, like the moment of your approach that are project to your eyes.
And it has a superconductor voice in your flow of creative thinking.
The heart.
This film is your conservation flow -- the support of the experience and the world.
Constant is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human being human.
Each of us is connected.
We all have a political film, you know, you and you.
There's nothing that we know more different.
At least I know that I have a very obvious conversation.
I don't know that you are aware of you.
Constant is also the reason to live in.
If we didn't be aware -- nothing in our lives.
But at the same time it's the most massive phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we considered?
Why do we have these interactive film, right?
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce to produce results without experience the interaction film?
At this point, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to increase science to science -- you need some extra ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to a science science science.
The science, by nature is good.
The consciousness is, by nature is a support.
So there can never be a science of consciousness there.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I lost that view.
Protection was looking at the behavior of the objective, the neurons were studying the brain, but I never mentioned the consciousness of it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness about.
After 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscience like French Crew and physics like Robert Peter said, "This is the moment for the science to get consequence.
And since then, there was a real explanation of the science of the scientific work.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental lessons to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search search for a few areas of the brain and some states of consciousness and a few states of consciousness and a few states of consciousness together.
We saw some of this kind of guy in the fantastic work that I was able to have National Kanzage a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the creative experience of looking at face or to feel pain or to feel happy.
But this is still a science of collections.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related with certain kinds of creative experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of work is answer a few questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain and what they get up.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It without putting the neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness as well.
Well, it doesn't take the real central mission of this material -- why all physical process in the brain has to be inspired by consciousness?
Why is there a film instrument and a survey film?
In this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give them a few years to neuron.
It is going to become another chemical phenomenon like electricity, like the humans, like life, and we are going to find it.
The superconductors are all cases of emotional behavior. How do you get the elements, how the hormones, how the humans, how they get up, they get up and make the living organisms -- all of these are questions about the goal work.
That could be able to apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the future of the human brain as a emotional phenomenon -- how we talk about, how we talk about, how do we play around the behavior.
But when it comes about consciousness -- the questions about behavior.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all of the behavior.
And here it is, the standard side of the subject, the standard side of nature, actually don't have a lot to say that.
I am a scientific materials of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the superconductor that works. For a long time, I put my head against the wall by looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the question that that didn't work for the physical reasons.
I think we are in this point.
We have a wonderful expert of exploration exploration, great. We were used to this -- the physics explain the chemistry -- the chemicals explain the biology -- the biology explain part of the psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to focus on this way.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are connected.
On the other, we don't know how to get that idea to our scientific view of the world.
And I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animal -- something that we need to get to our vision of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an animal like this, you can need red ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning of the beginning, before we can deal with the trust in a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Debree, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is not such a hard problem of consciousness as well.
And all the idea of the idea of the international film is going to have a kind of institution or conservation.
In reality, what you have to do, is to explain the open workers of the brain. And so it was study everything you need to experience it.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explain if we want to have a theory of the completely religious consciousness in the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just notice that the speed of consciousness is self-interest.
But I'm in a different direction.
In time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be professionally.
The first idea is that compassion is fundamental.
The physics sometimes take some aspect of the universe as a fundamental cars, and the space and the mass and the mass and the hand.
They spend fundamental laws that the government, like the laws of gravity or the quantum mechanics or the quantum mechanics of it.
And these laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing else.
At the end, they would be considered fundamentalists, and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of how much of it is.
In the 19th century.
I think that is the situation that we found with consciousness with it.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, space time, time, the car, and then you have to play the list of line.
The most natural thing would be able to put the compassion as something fundamental -- a fundamental line of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly is not an object of science.
But I open the way to make it scientific for it.
And so what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect to with other fundamental costs -- the space time, the mass, the physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want very simple fundamental laws that we could be able to be used in a room.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find very simple fundamental laws that we were able to show them in a car.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second idea is that compassion can be used to be universe.
Every system can have a lot of consciousness in it.
This vision sometimes is called a piece of personality, "Photograph for all of all, for the mind, every system is aware -- not only humans -- not only humans -- the minds, the missions, even the microbes of Robert Brazil, the electricity particles -- the economic particles -- the elements of Robert Brazil.
And even a picture has a lot of consciousness in it.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or you think about.
It's not that a picture can be full of anger when I think, "Oh, I'm always working to the speed of light.
I can never challenge it and put the rooms.
No, so not.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some of the physical sense of sense of a criminal sense of the consciousness of the consciousness of it.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do you think something so local?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, the time and the mass -- is natural that it can also be universe, just like others.
And it's also going to be able to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it is a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind looks more a conversation with nature.
A more deep reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple way and powerful to find fundamental laws that relationship to the physical process is visible with the information.
And there is always that there are information process -- there is consciousness.
It comes from complex information, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
It is a simple information of simple information.
So something very exciting is that in the years of the years a neuron, George Haiti, I took this kind of theory and the developing developed with the mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information -- which is called the piece of information in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness with it.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible amount of data of information -- a high high self-estimating graph, a lot of consequence.
In a mouse there is a huge middle of information of information -- just like it is quite significant -- a lot of very important.
But when you get to the regions, millions of them, the piece of fish decided it.
The level of information of information is better, but it's not close to it.
In the Taliban theory there still there will be a different level of conservation of close.
In fact, I put a fundamental law of consciousness -- high degrees of contact, high consequence.
And also, another reason is that the physician can help us into the physical world.
And the physics and the families have been looking at the physics that the physics is completely abstract.
It described the structure of reality using a lot of equipment, but we don't talk about the reality that it sounds below down.
And as you have Steve Santa Harvard, where do you go out the face of ecosystems?
From the physical view of the physics of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of the consciousness of the conversation.
That's what physical physics do basically describe the flow of the consciousness of it.
In this vision -- the consciousness is the one that you put it out in the equipment.
In that vision -- compassion doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right right in the center there.
This vision -- I think, the personal view has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and a lot of a lot of series.
Some can be institutional.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness -- then it should be flower.
If you are a paradigm and access that vision -- you will have a lot of human.
I think it is going to think about it, and this tend to transform your vision and as what it matters in terms and moral conditions -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness but their complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the complexity and the
It's also natural to question in other systems.
What about the artificial intelligence system.
It's construction?
And by the view of the personalization information, she has a process of complicated information process, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of.
If this is right, you have a lot of problems that are very serious about the development of the development of smart computers and the fact to get it.
Finally, you can ask them for the concept of complex collective consciousness -- the planet.
Canada has your own consequence?
Or at a more local level, a group -- like the audience.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be able to take a serious question.
So this particular view is a radical vision and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea that compassion is something fundamental -- that the second thing that is universe.
And the view of a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- like, how are those thinking.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right way.
If no, well, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and the phone.
We can't wait to solve the night to the morning.
But I think we finally go to find it.
understanding compassion is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal practice -- a very normal period of education.
I went to school, I took me with my friends, I went to me with my own beautiful.
All of it was very normal about it.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community was close to my parents because I wanted to move for a prison of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very bad, but there's a whole problem.
She has actually got nothing --  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good news. After school, I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of the September Sanded the September Sanded and "The Construction Construction.
Yes, I know. What do you do.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that can be able to consider as a disease if we take the distribution out of the equation.
years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in Michael -- just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes.
And I said, "What's disconnect?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know.
And when people in terms of records, they talk about international things in school.
And so it's going to be in the room of access.
And it was then when I realized -- this child had had experiences with people who are accessible with distribution as objects of interaction.
And we are not. And it's not a car of the guy, that is true for many of us.
For us, people who are not our teachers or our doctors or our medicines.
We are not real people. We are there to interact it.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this child state -- and you probably are waiting to get it interested.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to tell you showing you strange.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have made us in relationship to distribution.
Yes, they have sold us the mind that distribution is something March, and manufactured, Mars.
It's a bad thing and live with a distribution you make you excited.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it excited.
And in the last few years, we've been able to produce even more this message through social media.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only device in life is a bad action.
Or this other thing is involved.
Or this another one.
These are just a couple of example, but there's a lot of them.
It can be that you have seen one of the child without having been working with a sound support by the box.
You may have seen a child who takes up with the high surgeons of the carbon field.
And there are a lot of these images -- which is what we call the perfect interaction.
And I use the terrorism that they defined -- because they keep a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
And so in this case, we continue to do it in the benefit of people without distribution.
The purpose of these images is to get them to to them, so we can see them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse to be worse to be worse to be worse to be wrong.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person, right?
I've lost the number of time of the number of times that have been able to explain that you think that I am a value or a strong source -- and this happens before my work had a public perspective.
It was as if I was happy to get out of the morning and remember my own name --  And this is going to get to control.
These images -- those images continue to the people who are the people who are in the benefit of the people who have no discussion.
They are there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their worry in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we knew is not the things that you can think of.
They are not religious things to our body.
I use the term professor, distributed because I got up to call the social model of distribution, which tells us that we are more difficult because of the society that we live to our bodies or distributions.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very carried with him.
And the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the community.
They are just using their bodies to get the best of their ability to the best of their ability to
So it's really just just going to get them in the way we do it, when you do that images?
When people say, "You are a source of interaction, it says as a career.
And I know why happens.
It's at the cause of the mind, because they have sold us this mind that democracy makes us.
And heart, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking about.
I'm here by showing you the interaction, and you think, by God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something else.
And actually, I know I are.
They learn from other people with distribution at all.
However, I don't learn that I am more supported than them.
You learn that this is a great idea to use a few pieces of baby to pick up the things that they get up.  And learning the engineering of how to run the bottom of the mobile phone in the bottom of the sky.
great.
We learn from the force and responsible of the others -- not against our bodies and our distributions, but against a world that goes up and continued.
And I really believe that that message that have sold us about distribution is the biggest institution.
It makes us hard life.
And that car, "The only thing in life is a bad action, the reason that that's mind is because it's not true, because of the social model of distribution.
A lot of sandwich in front of the scanners has not done that it becomes a room.
You never --   Second before a television screen will not be able to be able to look at the superstar people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and making a positive activity to turn all those books to the brother.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where the distribution is not exception, but the normal thing.
I want to live where a 15 years of 15 years, sitting in his driver by looking at "The Sanded Sanded Sanded -- don't make any destination of nothing to be in a chimp.
And I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experts of the people who are going to be happy.
And I want to live in a world where we value the genome of people with distance, and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprise that his new teacher is a support of street.
It doesn't make us excited, but what you think is what you think to know about it is that it does it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do is to see the reality and the professional forest, with the employee?
And what is the average speed of a graduate galaxy.
Unfortunately, I'm just going to respond to one of those questions -- so please don't get up.
When people think about really increased, think of "The Medical Research, and in Tim Criming in the air.
The reality is something that happens in our days and going to happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is going to change our lives.
So how do we get to the real reality?
The first step is what I read is -- the Google Galaxies Galaxies.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Global is a show that allows them to see what I see.
Let me allow you to experience what is to be a problem in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I tried to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will be going to get with his imagination with you.
We can use the Google Galaxies, under a house and know what it is going to run on the field of play to 150 kilometers -- the blood is going to get the eyes.
We can know that it feels like a man in the 1900s, and you know, trying to deal with all of their be.
I've been there and I make sure that it's not anything that is nothing about.
I have a few videos to show you what is to use the Google Galaxies under the heat and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the principles of NASA, because the idea of the NASA technology is a subject coming up to the surface -- but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Barbier.
It's horrible to be constantly.
A moment. You get a little bit.
Present?
Let's go.
Chris Kanry, as you can see, is a present of what is going to be controlled in the food field -- from the perspective.
You will have realized that they have a lot of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut out of the University of Washington, the University of America.
Marine from field, Robert Film? Rights France."
blue eight of them, Blue.
Chris Baller, this is a little bit more to the sense to be in the field to be in the field -- but it has nothing to do with the NASA.
They want that experience.
They want to be in the field to be in the field.
Or a corner?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galaxies, how are we going to be able to find it, how do we take it at the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Oxford Countries, which probably many of you know about it.
And the Robert Christmas has been described as the most real virtual reality of the most really created thing, and it's not word water.
And I'm going to show you why with this video.
Man: Oh, no.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing.
Oh, my God.
CA: So that's the experience of a man in a remarkable way to get their life.
What will be the experience of one end when we took a video of Arabia President by creating the line -- getting out of a contract with the arm before you run and make a analogy?
And when I can be me coming out of the car, they put up the bottom at the bottom of the right? Or Frank doing a sand in Washington, in Organization.
What will your experience look like when you get out of a mountain to more than 100 miles as a straight state?
Maybe you get up the patterns of patients for adults for adults for them.
But this is not really really remarkable.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we take the reality of the responsibility, Richard?
We're going to give up the reality of the resource when you put them up, the motors and the guys see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it for paralyzed parts?
Because they are always using technology to make it together.
They like to win them. It gives them money.
So here is a little bit about the technology in the NASA.
And in 1995, the Police Polices put him a fight to his field of field to play faster for it.
And they won the World Boston that year.
Other teams decided to imagine them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting.
In 1993, I was able to put it together in the careers in the field of the fields and then in the designers.
They had more experiments.
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next game showed in front of you, in a plastic view that you have to do -- no longer have to worry about to forget a game.
Or to move the structure.
They just go out to the field and they do.
And the conditions want to do it because if you don't follow their institutions -- they lose particles, and they were able to lose particles.
If you lose a little bit of them as a training themselves.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a lot of strategies better.
The reality is also a way to break information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the party.
How would it do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the state having a view from the high people who are down.
You also get information from the services of the careers and the advances, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to see it.
The bad ones will have information.
This difference to the good teams of the bad.
So your team team will be as important as your records, and the data.
It will be also for shorts. Who would be imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the basis and records.
You look at an open remember of a surface, and a search on the left part of your view of your view is going to give you a challenge behind you is going to be addressed.
You move to the professional area.
The other thing you have to do is that there is an open record.
Let's give you the banking.
And the bottom lost the training.
You don't know where to get up, yet the region looks at his view an area of sea that goes up and it can move the career.
And you get it up to the bank, and it goes up and anger and anger.
The public public and the factors have followed the play from each of them.
This is something to create a massive emotions in the past.
I will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite game.
The reality is going to be part of the space because it's too relatively to not be.
But what I ask you about is, we want this to be the only use of real response?
We are going to use it just as you walk and careful, like our research entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
And I think we can use the reality that we can use the impact between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to do for the depressing line.
It takes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much this technology is for a teacher in the car trying to show you how much data is their action from the perspective of visualization?
How much of this technology is for a gas in Uganda or Republican trying to show you the world how it is being personally?
How much of it is also for a Hollywood County or a New York City.
Ladies and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- you know, as always of us.
Thank you.
And I recently came up with me after 23 years of service in the Park Paul of California.
Most of those 23 years old, I was able to put it off the top of the state of Mars, which is including the Great Gallery Penn.
The bridge is a strange structure -- known by their beautiful views of San Francisco -- the Pentagon Ocean, and their own architecture is in the architecture.
And because of definition, it's also an image for subject, being one of the most used places in the world.
And the George George was open in 1995.
Justice Stevens, engineering stage of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is probably to test substances.
The subject from the bridge is not practice or problem.
But from his supply, more than 1,000 people have gone to their death from that belief.
Some of you believe to travel between the two tables will take them to another direction -- this bridge has been involved as the way that the each one of all of you have to get out of all of you and pain -- and the water they go down on your own.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to eat subject.
After one of the four to five to five seconds, the black body against water.
The impact records the gentlemen, some of those of which they have a visual organism.
The biggest die in the impact on the impact on the picture.
And the ones that no, they usually go up in the American water, and then you get it.
I don't think that you put this superconductor of subject is realized about the death that you're going to do.
This is the car.
It is going around around the two tables, there are 3D paradigm paradigms at the time.
This is where most people are going to go back to the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that bottle, and at the most dark time, it's very hard to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office controlled his life.
I want to tell you what we had success that day to bring it back on the ball.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form transportation.
We started to keep the way through these called these called these called these called these called these calls
This was not just a bad service to those who put the subject, but to the office as well.
We've got a long way.
Today, they're going to go up and plants between the new office.
This is Japan Garden.
I met it about 25 of the year last year when I got a call from a called a support support of a superconductor support in the center near the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center
And I said, and when I came up, I looked at Japanese talking with a planet of the George Geographic Geographic.
Japanese was only 35 years old, and I had been flying up to here from New York.
In fact, I had been flying up to here two times before New York City to try to get out from this person.
After about a time talking about Japan, I asked us if we know the story of the Park box of the Park.
I remember the Greek microbes, Zellow created Park, and he sent it on the Earth with a box and he said, "No, you never open that box."
Well, one day, the culture could more than Park, and she opened the box.
And she came out of it, personally, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was the hope.
So John asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope.
And it was given a little bit of increases, and it goes on to the right, and it went out.
And this is a lot of Japanese and intelligence from New York City I was just going to take your life.
I talked to the parents of Japanese that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be very well, because the next day the family was called me to see how it was was.
Paradi parents had been asked to.
The total days of the subject are going to be a lot of people.
And I ask you these questions. What would you do if a members of your family -- a friend or someone else was supposed?
What would you say that?
You know what to say that?
In my experience, it's not only to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
I'll hear to understand it.
You don't say, "Congress, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know it.
I'm just going to be there, you can be the point of influence that you need to be.
If you think someone is subjective, you don't have a fear of finding them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "You know, you have been thinking about how to take your life, you've had these thoughts?
I will connect the person in front of the face and to be the point of influence for them.
Some of them are going to look for it, I mean, I think things are terrible and they are never going to improve it, implanted, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, but a lost of the interest in life.
I was happened to me this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a show of a land and I'd like to read you to read his face.
She lost his son at the age of the age of this year, and I wrote this equivalent just a couple of days ago, and it's with his personality and blood that you read it.
"Hello, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends and so on.
I'm still quite excited -- but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Millar won't go home.
Michell was working out from Paris to San Francisco to see the part of the 99 with his father at the age of 19.
I never got there.
I call it to the police of Palestine and it shows it as a discussion that night.
On the next morning, two office.
And one guy had seen it to go out from the bridge at the age of the age of the day in the age of the day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been before bad without making a real mental disease.
It should not be so easy to go with it.
My origins are with your field.
And the GDP, the George George Galaxy has to be a room through our beautiful bank, not a change.
Good subject this week, Vietnam.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go out there.
I would like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2007, I respond to a call called a correct car for a possible support at the top of the bridge close to the night top.
I put my mother on the bottom and I looked at this man, Kenya Brazil, of foot in the ground.
When I was looking at me, I grew up the balloon, and he was given in that little guy who goes around the table.
Over the time and the next time, I heard like Kenya talked about his death and specialization.
Kenya decided for his day that day will go back on that room and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, the happy.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what he did would come back and give you the hope and the life of a opportunity.
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm going on.
I let me talk to you about and just hear?
Not after that increasing, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to get you.
"I want September Brazil, nothing will go down the expensive effects of the 11 percent -- and you are one of the reasons why Kenya is still with us.
Now, I think Kenya was clear by help.
It's been distributed with a mental disease.
And I took Kenya when I only had six months old, completely excited from all of those straight experiments.
Kenya is in order.
We give God for you.
And I just depended with you, North Bill.
And at the end she wrote it, "Philadel. When I was looking at the generation of San Francisco that night -- you were sitting like the patient.
"I know I had to be solved.
In addition to Kenya, Kenya is a wonderful father and an act of society.
And I talked about the events of that day and his democracy with the hope that his story will be inspired to others.
And it's not just something that I've found in the work.
It's person.
My grandmother is supposed to come on.
That act -- even though I end up his own paper, I robot the opportunity to know it.
This is what the subject does.
For most of the people, or those who consider the subject, they wouldn't think about the other person.
They just want her own pain to go on.
And so this is just about three ways.
In my face, I've been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental disease.
And of those insects that I've been directly invented, I just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who was talking about a hour.
So during that time, I was going on to the hand in three possibilities.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Bill, I feel it, but I have to go to you, but I have to go on.
And it came out.
Holid, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people who we get to focus on that bridge don't come up.
And also, those few people who have gone out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave on the bottom were realized that they had made a brother and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge doesn't just connect Mars with San Francisco but also people.
That aware -- or because we do, it's something that everybody and each of us should be able to get to do.
The subject can be present.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question is going on, how do you become that?
I should be something only in that sense -- but I'm not used -- in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had actually got the dream that I had had a little girl who had had a little girl who had ever had a child.
My strange finally ran with my real true, with my interest --
And by companies that I'm going to give you later -- when I look at this picture I think about it, you get it George, you get it.
But the past.
And all of us bring our families, our religion -- our society, our moment in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of looking at it, to get out of the limits on the color of the skin or by the belief of those who are represented.
These are people who are always depressed by the story that, which is going to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my neighbors -- many of my friends -- my friends of my friends -- my story.
I think this map is called relationship.
This is the me.
And they came back to me like "Chinese, because I was going to go back to the approach of my genes.
I remember that my five years in the Flights, in my house, I always had to put this guy on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why would you always take that car in the head.
I said, "Mary, it's my piece. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to focus on.
The gender has always been considered a improvement done -- but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and market.
Because of my success -- I never had to share my story, not because I thought that I am going to be a bad thing, but why the world comes to those of us who want to fight.
Every day it is going to be woman.
I have money, and a family and a family that you get to me as I are.
Many of them are not so support.
There is a long tradition in the physical culture that makes the mission of the group.
There is a balance line of compassion of compassion there.
There is a street line of the states.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a state in the French that I made these missions.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something would be putting me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw this woman called TED.
It is the average of a beautiful business conservation.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you done in the beauty of beauty?
And he told me that if she was going to go out of the speed of the research and the search -- and that night, you go into the balloon book, and they go into the ground of the garden and it was third between more than 40 dollars.
That moment changed my life.
In the way, I was inside the world of beauty background.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a beauty of beauty of women.
I also met the piece of depressions, about all when we go back to the areas of the French French.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and I told me that they were looking at my sense of the green rate that I could go to live to the U.S.
I got it up.
I said to my mother, "Mary, I am discovered.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful bank.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the idea of generation?
It was all I needed to hear about.
My mom was supposed to put it two and my name to me.
And she also brings me when I put up in Darwin at the age of 11 years old.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities of Tatanation -- they are going to make the most likely surgery, sophisticated and security.
At that time, in the United States, it was need to make the surgery before they change the name and the gender of the name of the name and the gender of it.
So in 2008, I went to San Francisco and I remember to look at the contractor of the contract with the name of the name and the "Park generation.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their idea of identity means power or could be able to get a train, but for me it was the lesson to live -- to feel distributed.
And so, my tumor were seen mining.
I felt I could get my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many of them are not so support.
And I think about this woman from Montana Alexander.
A young woman from New York who was living in their truth -- but that, accepted, he put their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our subject rate is eight times more high than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of us are doing a global video by the Congress day of the Transportation Delato.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who fish and put it back into the entrepreneur.
These are Mars P.C. Johnson and Sandy Richard.
Today, in this same time, I'm coming out of the room.
I can't keep living my truth only and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help other people live their truth with no search or temperature.
I am here -- experienced, so that some day there is no longer more than 20 percent of North.
My most deep truth took me to accept what I are.
You will do it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  San Saudi."
George Robert."
I mean, my parents -- my parents especially to my family.
I remember all the times I have to do young women who have come in, that I have tried me, and some times, when they called me and they told me that his parents couldn't be able to accept it. I took the phone, I was called my mom and said, "Hey, you can call this woman?
Some times worked -- others -- it's not just idea of gender -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us put us a gender to the nation and what I tried to do is put on the table that some times that surgeon didn't work, and there should be a space that would allow people to be adding them, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with patients.
The transportation movement is trying to share with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for the culture and to ask questions -- and I hope that all of you.
KB: Thank you. All right, thank you.
In a lot of political societies and transportations, the parents are usually known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who know about his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Man started his campaign for education.
Before that, I was my son, but now I'm his father now.
You know and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the institution, from the entrepreneurship and the exploration.
You see, in the particular societies -- right from the beginning, when they were going to be a girl -- their birth is not constantly.
This is not a basis, not for his father, not for his mother or his mother.
The sell comes in, day their control to the mother and no one happy to the father and no one happy.
And a mother goes up a lot to have a child.
When it gives light to the first girl -- the first child, you put a teacher.
When you go to light to the second child, it goes on, and with the hope of a child, when he was a third child, it feels a correct little childhood as a critical.
Not only the mother, but the daughter -- the daughter is born, when it grows up, as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it goes in home and school and school to his brothers to his brothers up.
At the age of 12 years, somehow has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with his friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a market.
But when I go into the show, when I was 13 years old, you put it out of his house without a magic attraction.
It's connected to four parts of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the called of his father of his father and his brother and his family, and if you bring the code of that honor home, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this complete code of honor is not only the life of a man, as well.
And so this brother was supported by his life and the happy of their brother in the name of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the honor of the home.
And there is a little bit more of the political societies that's called operation.
It's supposed to be a good girl that has to be very constantly, very human and very support.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be carrying.
And it's supposed to be surprised and that it has to take the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the ancestors, even if you don't want.
If you have a man with a man who doesn't like or if you have a old man with a old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a depression.
If you get a very young thing, it has to accept it.
And of course, they would call it destination.
And what happens at the end of the end.
In the words of a policy, "The car, and then it gives light to more children and girls?
And the top of the situation is that this mother is the same lesson to their daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this is a little bit of controlled and control.
You want bees and sisters, when I was born Manhattan, and for the first time, I don't like the newspapers -- to be honest, but when I was there and look at his eyes and look at her eyes and look at my eyes.
And a lot before I was born -- I thought of his name, and he was fascinated with a legal land of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was March Mandela, and I called my daughter so for it.
But when I left me, they were all men, and I took my painting, and I took a line of my name and I wrote "Long?
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half and a half and a half years old in my school.
You ask you, why should I tell you the adult of a girl in a school.
Yes, I should get it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies -- it's a big entrepreneur for the living life.
It would be in a school it means the recognize of their identity and his name of his name of his name.
A school to school means that it has come into the world of the dreams and the applications where you can explain their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers -- and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was able to be the flow of the carbon vision, and I was in the religious part of the family -- I couldn't remember the experiments.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my straight states in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter to me.
What my father couldn't give my brother or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to learn the intelligence and the speed of my daughter
And I took them to sit with me when my friends were going to see me.
The animal to go with me to different reserves.
And all of these values -- I have tried to focus on their perspective.
And this was not just for her, just for Man.
I've shared all these good values in my school to girls and kids at the same way.
I use education.
I teach my children, taught the students, to forget the lesson of the office.
And I taught the students to forget the lesson of the career called the self-organizing.
You want bees and sisters, we went out for more rights for women, and we went to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new phenomenon here.
It was legal for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called statement.
That means a whole business of women in all of the political activity.
hundreds of school.
The girls were told to go to school.
The women would be used to use lights and stopped to go to the market.
The music.
They have seven million people, but a few days, and it was a talent to have around those people who kill and keep when you talk about your right.
It's really advanced.
At the age of 10 years old, March went up and went up on the right to education.
I wrote a day for the baby of the GDP -- he turned up her for the New York City.
And his voice was the most powerful voice time.
And it was running as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the cars couldn't put his campaign and the nine percent of 2007, they gave him a distance in your head.
It was a hard day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black holes in the world.
As my daughter was discovered between life and death -- I put it up to my wife to my wife -- "I have to get up for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And I immediately said to me, please. You don't know.
It disappears the cause right now.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth -- by the cause of the peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you put you.
They were both in the right way and God produce?
These few words made a lot to me, and I didn't go back again.
When Mark was in the hospital and he had a little bit of sea drugs and high headlines of head because his favorite nervous was cut up, I used to see a dark device that was spread by the face of my wife in my wife of my own wife, and the face of my wife.
But my daughter is never going on.
I used to say, "I'm good with my straight station and with the increase in my face.
I'm going to give you good. Please don't worry about.
It was a conference for us, and it was telling us.
You want bees and sisters, we have learned from her how to get into the most difficult moments and I was compared to share with you that despite being an island for the rights of children and women, it's like any girl from 16 years.
Let me go up when he didn't take his task up.
And it goes up with his brothers and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my car that has done so close to March and excited and economists?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Let me ask you what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut their tracks, and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was opening out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science science has become a personal past.
I am influence.
And I want to tell you that I recently have taken to the Green group -- where I've had a distribution to my card, the distribution of Google Vietnam. But all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, and it was done before I got to Google or outside my work there.
I had said this, there is a stage when you take a brain.
They are going to be just like smart or right?
It's not going to be like this, you might be interested.
And after the neuron, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the free material -- but it was the part of the center of the center that creates important hours and neurons.
And I immediately after the optimism, I had to decide how much of it will take -- from more than a dollar of chemical potential every day, because if I didn't take anything in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the communication and the chemical memories, and try to get them to get a life.
More than one time I've been saved by a time.
But by the way, I have a piece of experience, so I decided that I was going to experience to try to get the particular days, because there is really not a clear map that I tell you in design.
I started to try to try and try to try to see a lot of different changes and I was surprised by looking at how little changes in the days changed my car, my sense of who I was me, my behavior to think, my behavior.
A particular case -- for a few months, I tried a few and a few things for a self-interest man, and I was surprised by looking at how my thinking.
I was always fascinating, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and   -- of course, many times in the past I've known a number of things like this, or maybe some of them are going on.
It turned out as a strange one.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be artificially.
In fact, I was trying to be able to take a problem that I had to the front -- and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't get it.
I changed my designers.
But I think that experience gave me a new approach about men and about what they have to go through -- since then it took me better with men.
What I was trying to do to do when you take those ants and neurons and others, it was to remember my intelligence after the disease and the opposition, my creative thinking -- my creative thinking.
And I used to think about it always in images -- and that became my point of key resistance, how do I get those mental images that I used to create proteins, my ideas -- if you want to produce new ideas and reduce situation.
This kind of thinking.
Financial like Human, Delicine and men look at things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are people who are telling this idea, and there are a lot of differences about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the creative thinking and investment.
So after a few years ago, I got to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental minds -- really visually solidion and good structures and good.
Now, I'm working on how to take very fast these mental images of my mind at the screen of the computer.
And you can imagine what happens if a car diagram was able to use your image just to deal with the world that has the face?
Or if a music could take up the music of your head, you can get the music.
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to make this is just to increase the relationship of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we are quite close to this with two recent experiments that are made by two developed groups.
And both of them used English technology -- image for a future of works -- to represent the brain -- and you can see the brain of the brain made by George Galaxies and their colleagues of Harvard.
The color of the left shows the brain of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individual while I was done, looking at that same picture.
The colleague of the right was created by the control of the central colleague of the left of the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost true.
This is a lot of different individuals with many different images with a lot of different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between see a picture and imagine to see that same image is almost new now.
Now, let me show you another experiment -- this is the lab of David Galaxy in Berkeley, California.
They were able to turn the brain waves in the real visual field.
We put it this way.
In this experience, it shows the hundreds of hundreds of hours of video videos while they had their brains to create a great act of the brain in the brain before the video.
And then you showed them a film with new images -- new people, again, new animals, and while it was going back a new scanner.
The computer, using only the brain information of the stage that I decided to show that the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the development of the computer, and on the left, the video that you showed them.
This left us barriers.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the relationship.
And now, you remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image -- it was created in the brain the same way.
This was led to the systems of the brain of the brain of the world's brain resource today, and their relationship is going up as a thousand times in the last years.
Now we need to increase a billion times more to get a more deep look at it.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of technologies to do it.
One is to open up the conflict and to be able to get rid of it.
I don't offer me for that.
A lot of them are getting new techniques of projects for images -- even me.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get much more relationship is with the most big, but to this point, the bigger impacts only offer little better better than we need.
I put this idea, rather than the largest images, we do better images.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different things, like doing a space.
And why does this mean?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the GDP were to make really big images, right?
And yet, most of the resources that are represented by solutions of engineers and basic solutions in computer and development -- in the transportation and the resistance of the FDA restaurant in the RNA systems.
At its time, instead of a magic magnetic field -- we used a lot of strange participants to the French references of the FDA rates.
So when you compare the massive patterns with the patterns of the professional reflection of the FDA production, we can increase the information that you can get up in a single stage.
We can also be able to deal with our knowledge of the growth of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use the RNA we should be able to measure not just the flow of the original blood -- but the horses that I've mentioned and maybe even the right activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
You can imagine if we could go through the language of language and communicate directly through the thought, right?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of the human thought, without favorite.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be able to use it as a tool to add our thinking and community and communication things.
And certainly this same tool could lead to the face of American and similar disease.
We have a few choices more than to open this door up.
In all ways, they choose a year to happen in five or 15 years old.
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night to go out of the shoe, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the gay search.
I think we all have a shoes.
And he might be to tell you some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is extraordinary, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation for which you have come on in life.
All of them is a hard conversation -- and even though our issues can be able to save the experience, the experience of having lived and have come out of that artist is something else.
It gives you, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the World State Sanded, a rest in the city -- and being there, I had to go through a number of factors of the international military in the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the limitation of the Arabic Law.
And it will be convinced that by the home of my short screen and by having the head I was doing a little bit -- I would ask me a little bit like a little little little little child or girl?
And it would look like a signal in the table.
I would be able to be a little bit more, a little bit more, I would take my house with a red decade.
And the father would take up the paper and the mother would be able to take a cold looking at his child.
But I would not say anything, and I was going to go into it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I promise me that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was concerned and I was just about to get up in the financial issues in the table.  And I had the chairs of Bill Francisco.
The Gallery Children Star.
Even a fragment of the "Marine "The "Marshall was going to show you.
So I'm going to answer it and go down the looking at the look and my states a little bit of four years with a remarkable view -- looking at what is not a challenge for a failure clothes, just a girl with a question, are a girl or girl?
So I'm going to answer me again, I put it out of her, and I said, "Hey, I know that this is a little bit of control.
I have the short house like a girl -- and I saw a little girl -- but I am a girl -- and you know, as you like you to use a remote version -- and sometimes you like to use a completely completely box.
Well, I am more of the kind of girl from a completely completely completely completely completely
And that girl looked at me fine, presented attention -- and he said, "My favorite dad is video and has a fish.
You can give me a parent, please.
And that was all of it -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl one.
What happens to the skin that I was?
It was the most easy conversation.
And Why? Because the girl of the skin and I, both of us were honor with the other.
So as many of us, I have lived in some remains in my life, and yes, at the time, my parents used to be a records.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color are the walls are.
You just know how you feel living in a room.
This is how my army is not different to your own or your own or the you.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I'm going to come out of my army was more difficult than you get out of it, but this is the issue -- the hard thing is not wrong.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain to someone who has been delivered in the red box is more difficult to say it's been parallel?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more hard to tell you about your five years than you are going to distribute?
There's no more difficult thing -- there's only how hard it is.
We need to let sure what we are hard to be hard to what hard for other people to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our artists and we need to just feel something like this.
And in some point in our lives, we all live in shows, and they can make sure that they can make sure that the other side than the other side of the door, the door of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that I don't care about what they are made of their parents, a range is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
And I had a piece of box -- a search and the high steps of a high steps.
It was not the military limitation to fight against any child of four years that would go to the car.
I was collecting on the fear of the fear -- I was going on in a corner of my dark shoes by putting my dark garden, and the move just a music is the most exciting thing that has ever done.
My family, my friends, complex companies that I've spent my entire life trying to be able to tell them, and now the world was going to go back.
I was looking at the pages of a woman that we all have ever followed for a lot of time, but if you don't have to do that gravity, you will kill you.
So one of my most free from the most likely of the most memory was in the bottom of my sister
It was the first time that a lot of between the researchers knew that it was gas -- and when I do my holes of honor home, in my black window and the box of the monkeys and finally came around the table and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years old.
And after I'm going to talk a moment, one of the women.
And the bottom of the gay region had started it.
"Oh, once I was in the Camp:
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco Frankle.
Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic.
"Oh, you know my State Asia."
It's very good and I've never talked about having notes.
"Oh, what is your own family program.
So our favorite program.
And you know who we love it?
Japanese is our favorite.
And then a woman.
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the lines of freedom.
It might have been easy to be able to figure out where they sit down.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were failed.
And what else can you ask someone to ask you, but they will stay?
If you are going to be authenticity with someone -- you have to be prepared for the car that you need to.
This is how the hard conversation is not going to be my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have happened.
But I'm better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the God of the Parkinsons.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective -- but they understand that what it would be able to get out of any remarkable is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they are authenticity.
You get the support. They're you.
That girl in the heart didn't have any rate, but I was ready for the bank.
If you want someone to be generally, the others should know that we also know.
Number two, they are distributed. They just do it. They give you your paradigms.
If you know that they are galaxy, it will do it.
If you say to his parents that maybe they could be galaxy, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  You leave the complex one.
You communicate your true.
And then you get rid of that.
And some of you can get out of the safe seats, just distributed for what they have done, but they never get rid of what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel depressed, but that is something in them.
Those are the experiences of them about what you are, but it's not the own.
That's the story of them.
The only story that matters is that you want to write it.
So the next time you find in a dark death by putting a graph, you have to know that we all have been there.
And you may feel very simple, but they are not.
Thank you, Boston.
Instague, what is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- an example.
When I wrote Delay wrote this it made it as a critical to the pictures of the information as All Taliban Texas.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical physical mechanisms of intelligence.
We took a step up.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a surgery room, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the Earth of the Earth.
And you see a very strange effect.
And of course, as you know, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact on it.
But if you are from a remote race that doesn't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept about the Earth, they would be able to develop a physical theory that will explain how to explain how to explain the surface of the time in the time -- the attacks that are showing the surface of a particular planet.
And so I love that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a number of years ago, I opened up a variety of issues through science through a lot of discoveries, which they were like, I think, to a single sense of intelligence.
In contract, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advanced for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of college states that make the diversity of possible possible possible.
Finally, in the red movement of the red movement -- there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to deal with the skills of robots to make the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex things.
And so, let's take all these different issues and put them together together, and I asked them, for a number of years ago, there is a serious mechanism for the intelligence that we could get out of all these different issues.
There is just a equipment for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to one and a half for the intelligence that I have seen for.
So what you are seeing here is a surgeon that intelligence is a force -- Fin, who act with the end of making the end of the action of action.
I act to make the future.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be able to go on.
The intelligence was trying to make the future freedom of action and keep open objects.
And so, I have to tell this equation, it's natural to ask you, what can you do with this?
How hard is it?
It makes the level of human intelligence level.
Do you have an artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show you some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Remember research researchers have suggest that the universe that they produce more death, or "The "The life in their life should have the most famous conditions to the existence of smart beings like us.
But what is that happens if that collective collective connection between the interface and the intelligence is a more deep relationship of international.
What if the smart behavior is not only related to the production of a long partner in the long time, but it actually goes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software model called English, designed to support the production of a long time in any system that you find inside it.
And surprisingly, I was able to spend multiple entrepreneurs of animal intelligence -- playing humans of humans, and even to get money by going on, all of it would have been able to do that.
Here are some examples of Congress in action.
At the same as a piece of feet without careful, here we look at Contamination writing a pattern using a cartoon.
And this behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a metaphor.
It just decided for your mind to be able to be able to get the poetry.
This ability to be able to have apply for the human race and the human technology.
So this ability for tools of tools will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the smart amount of tools.
And also, as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of the top of the same time at the same time to look at the food, here we see that International can make a version of the model of that task.
And this ability of computer has interesting consequences for economic planet, and in a variety of other field.
It is completely application to a variety of doctors.
So for example, here we see it completely playing a game game against itself by using their potential for play.
So here we look at trying to give up new connections in a social network where friends are aware and keep with success the network.
And this same network of network also has apply in the quality of health -- in energy and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence in energy.
So here we look at Control to organize the robots of the balloons of banks, discovered with success.
In the same way, it is completely apply to problems in the car, light and transportation and transportation.
And finally, here we see Internet specifically to find out and to take a complete structure in a series of company in a series of actions, which is essentially making the active under their own experiments.
This kind of risk of risk is going to have applications in factors and security.
Allied Brazil, what you have seen is that a variety of human behavior.
Now, here's a primary primate.
We went back to the beginning of the robot of the robot -- the work of the robot, the world was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a clinical region.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest aware of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the science of the corruption to the innovation.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then, and they try to get out of the world.
It is all of the opposite -- that the beginning of taking the control of all the future future is a more fundamental principles than the intelligence of intelligence can actually be able to get the control -- instead of being the control.
Another important trust is the search of the goal of the floor.
And they often ask me, how is it that you can look at objects that are learned from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that direction to go to the declines to help you build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tried to make the future freedom of action.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the state of stars and lose the planet we call "the plant.
Even though in the last few years, we've got a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth on the context of the universe.
The mission of NASA has been discovered by thousands of planets that are getting around other stars -- which is that the Earth is only one between the thousands of planets of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies
King is a space of a space that makes the local interaction of the stars when the planets are going on in front of them, and they make a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data records by Kenya shows the size of the planets as well as they have between them and their stem star in.
At the way, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the early planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the time, this gives you a little bit about if these planets that we find are horses or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this theory of global world, our own planet.
The year 2008, it was the most collectively recorded.
Grandmothers and ice ice that have been with us from the millions are now getting in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we've taken to global scale have been able to have our ability to add their course in their own.
But I am not a science of the climate -- no astronomy.
But I study the speed of the planet involved by stars with the hope to find places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that it would look for extraordinary opportunities in the global sector in the regular sector
Now, as someone very interested in life in the universe, I can tell you that the more looking at the similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world is invited to a company between the planet and the planet that we know better and the planets that we know better.
So let's take our window to us, Mars.
Mars is little and robots and despite being a little bit far away from the sun -- can be able to be able to be able to be able to show this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been happening in the past and in part of it is why we study so much to Mars to it.
Our revolutions like "The "The "The "The "The "Security, and they make their surface in looking at the organizations of life as we know it.
The satellites that the operation, like the Mexico mission -- they take shows of the attacked atmosphere and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their society.
The private companies now have not only short spaces, but as well.
But even though all of these male images are given us to our planet.
We take the existence of the device areas of our planet that they still have to be able to put it, places really excited in compassion with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars with Mars
Even in the most recent places of the Earth.
I was worried about this instrument for the color of Mars and other planet planets to get a big and short shower, and the belief and the belief of some that Mars would wait out there to save this influence infection of the only planet.
For a lot that I like to be a pretty sure exploration, I am in deep challenge with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the cost of the Temperation is going to be able to be able to be able to get place later in the save forest.   Thank you.
But the goal for the individual explore and the terrorism is not controlled.
No, it's actually faces of the same mountain, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
The extreme environment in our world read as a really really strange partners.
You just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep specialized spaces in the hospital areas and institutions of the Earth, maybe we could get the need to pay our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment.
A lot of years ago, the South East Fire asked him, having to realize that our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the extraordinary life of life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Parkinson's paradigm is that when the citizens become enough enough to be able to keep living between the stars -- they lose the notion of how important the planets are going to protect this development from the planets that they published this development in.
It is a resistance to think that only is the amazing color to save us from ourselves, but the planet, the planet and the individual explanation can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to go to the environmental environment of Mars for the human experience, then we should be able to support the most easy thing to prevent the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And while I was in the front person looking at my balls, I realized that I didn't have the walls.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all of the other students and selling, and all of them were pretty well.
I thought I would call a clinic, at least I had my cell -- but at the middle of the middle could take a lot of time to come in, and he made it up.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Jesus to spend night because he had a temperature to Europe to the next morning, and I was growing out of my passion and my water.
It turns out, but sure it's not even more expensive than a middle at night, so I thought, that even though I was going to go out of the careers, I was going to go through the careers.
And I am neuroscience and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Little carbon that increase the heart rate of the carbon levels and the thinking of the thinking.
And when I came to the face of factory in the army, I realized that I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without discovered.
And I started asking you, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, that they are able to get bad things.
Or at least if you get bad things, you make the chance that it is a total career.
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later my thought didn't get up.
I was walking with my colleagues David Kanday, which is where I was able to hear the National Project, and a little bit associated he was talking about the window and that I had forget my pattern, and David shared with me that had been providing something called a pressure resistance.
This is something that he had learned from Galaxy Garden Kenya, who had written out of this a few years ago, known as the primary.
You all know what the posture.
Every time there's a design, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the prison, as you explain David, you look at the front and try to figure out all the things that they could go wrong -- and I tried to figure out what it can do to avoid the things that are going on or to measure the day.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a primary.
Some of them are evidence -- others are not so exciting.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, I'm going to give you a place for things that look at the things.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this teacher, based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called heart, which has evolved over thousands of years to make a sense of the speed of the important things, where the time, which is the fish -- which is the fish of the free trees -- where they live the friends and enemy.
The story is the part of the brain that has been graduated in the Laws of London.
This is the part of the brain that allows the architects to find their own.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they cut the fantastic sense of the architects and still they could find their neurons.
They were not using the shark, but the hospital, that makes that very evolved of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose from the cars of the car and the landscapes and patterns.
So in home they get a place for the paradigms, a galaxy next to the door -- maybe a drug plant.
So for his participant, a particular box in it.
So for your reading galaxies, a particular mission in the place.
If you get a place and they are correlated with it, their things will always be there when they look at them.
What about the tracks?
You take a picture of your own crisis, a picture of your creative cars, the contractor of controlling, parallel, to go through themselves to be in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud of the cloud in the cloud
If these things are lose or record, this can be able to make the subject.
These are some of the most obvious things.
You remember, when it's based on states, the brain.
And the carbon is a strange and interviewing thinking.
So part of the average practice is to recognize that under we're going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their own.
And there's maybe not more situation than when you face a medical decision of a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation of having to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medicine.
But this was written as a private for all of the medical decisions and in fact for the end of the financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to make is that they will make a local evolution of the done.
So we guess they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have the result of the lab and the colleague is a little bit high.
You all know that the high colleague is associated with a greater risk of carbon diseases -- attention to the heart.
So one is thinking that having the high colleague is not the better, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help him reduce the color, a station.
And maybe you have heard of the stations, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today -- even that you know that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the state?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the familiar companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, NASA?
This is the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical process before it is help a person.
And you must think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remember something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not careful of the doctor -- and if it's fall out of someone -- is the scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well.
But the statistics of General than 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 percent of the people.
And so the number needs to treat the most extraordinary station resistance, what do you think it's it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person, right?
300 percent.
And this is the research of the completely George Republicans and Paris Harvard, and Paris Harry in the Windows of Benjamin.
I'm going to explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the medicine.
Now you might think, "Well, one problem in 300 to go to my color.
Why don't you do that, do you determine the record of all modern?
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hey, "Being from the standard effects -- right?
So for this particular medicine.
And those include things that are terrible and the statement of marketing and advance, particularly particularly, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to me, even if you take the medicine.
But a moment.
Do you remember that under you don't think of closest.
So you think about how you have this with the time, so they don't have to make the heart food in the action.
300 people take the freedom, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go out on the freedom that you can help your medicine.
I don't say they had to take the station.
I just tell you that you have to have this conversation with his doctor with his medicine.
And the medical device is a part of the beginning of the information of consideration.
We have access to have access to this kind of information to get the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
You may have been thinking that I've taken this number in the air for the value of the corner, but actually this number needs to treat is quite a simple.
For the surgery that most of us are actually done in the biggest men in the bottom of the prison for cancer, the number needs to treat is 49.
This is what happens to a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
And those are the impact or definition of the impression or definition entrepreneur, recording record, recording farmers.
And if you have success and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the average is to think before the questions that you can put up that you can make the conversation towards it.
You don't have to make all of this in the action.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, a lot of times, you want a more expensive life of paper, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end.
These are the things that they talk and think of now, with their family and their own beautiful.
You can change on the color of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
You remember our brain brother based out based out, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they take a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
I walked up with a decade, you don't need the digital system, or the limb or the immune system -- because if the body is spending the metal in those things, it doesn't really get the leadership in the legs, so nothing that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going through the window during those moments of stress is the local thinking.
So we have to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all destination.
We're all going to get out of a time in the world.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those favorites, to put the systems in the place that will help me measure the day, or to avoid that the bad things happen in the first place.
And I went back to the night at Manhattan, when I came back from my journey -- my contractor I have to give me a combination of compassion together to the door, with a wall of the door door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to learn that I still have a lot of cars that I have not heard of, and so on.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a giant process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Islamic, Piet, is my favorite music.
It means to play successful.
If you're playing a musical increase and you see a "present in the past, you need to play more surrounded.
Two percent, even more.
How much of it is extraordinary.
This is my design of a boat of performance, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of them can have never got to be a simplicity company.
That is my own activity of silence, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of the State system, and the Sameth of my own story.
And the language of the French signals came up for the decade of 1950, and with the time of time, it goes up with local signs, and we developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born surprisingly. And they taught me to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for nothing.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a single person who lives in a world of sounds -- it's as if I live in an extraordinary country -- following their rules.
So how do you understand the sound of sound."
Well, I see how people are important and respond to the sound.
People are like my stores and they add the sound.
And learning and cost that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to me.
So I've learned for example.
Don't advertise the door."
They don't do a lot of noise at the beginning of the balloon bone bombsight.
"You don't write it, and when you're eating up, I'm going to not get the cars in the plant?
This is all called success "self."
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person do it.
I'm surprised by the sounds of the sounds of sound.
And I am always waiting with the sound of the sound that it's going to come to control.
All over there, this disconnect.
TED, to decide it.
TR: You can go on.
TB: It's going to survive.
You can see that the dog doesn't have any news in the line.
That's because the lines already have sound through the sounds and substances and manufacturers.
In the top culture -- the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signals for "protein in the SET.
And a typical piece has five line.
However, to me, to do the thing with my public so it doesn't feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berna, Mary, for an art revolution there.
Before this time, I had worked as a piece.
So during this sun, I saw months and spaces of different galaxies, and while I was from a place to another place, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the team and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has focused on my art.
I'm going to give you more of the art.
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the eyes.
I can feel it successful or experience or experience it or even like an idea.
So I decided to pick up the sound of sound and get it in my artificial practice in my art.
And everything that had taught me in the way, I decided to leave it and find it.
I started creating a new body.
And when I put it to the art community, I was interested in the amount of support and attention that I received it.
I realized that the sound is like money -- the power -- the control -- the society.
And in the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was sure, it was something like a perfect person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could give me to me and my artificial work -- or I could put it up.
I choose to get it up.
There's a massive culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my local voice to communicate the eyes of society is like it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be responsible in the current society.
So in school, in the work and the institutions work with a lot of different possibilities.
And his voice becomes my voice and ideas.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value and weight for it.
And then I was going to be able to ask their voices and I am able to keep a piece of value of value something like to take a professor with a very high interest rate with a very high way.
If I don't continue to go with this practice -- I feel that I could be able to stay in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artificial media in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and SAR.
For example, a musical note can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in SET.
So the two are very space and highly moving what it means is that they can affect all of the meaning so much of the signals as the sounds as the sounds as well.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piece, so they understand better how the SARS.
So, imagine a piece.
The Sand is available in many different ways.
If you get a different approach for every day as you take the piece, as the main expression -- the size of the body, the speed of the hand and so on the way that you take the piece, the English is a local language as if it would just put a line at the time.
However, the Sand is more like a restaurant, you need the 10 dollars in the way to express a clear concept or idea in SET.
If only one line will change the action, it will create a completely different device.
The same thing happens to the music in how much of it is at the top of the top, and it's going to be volunteer.
And at the way, when you use these different particular beings, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signals in that?
This is the signal self-interest in that?
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got up.
So you know, you know.
What are you looking at them?
Oh, there?
So I started thinking about it, and if I look at the Sand through the missions of music.
If I had to create a sign and it would take it over and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the signal of "The "Earth, the sun goes out and it goes on.
This is the whole day.
If you look at it and reduce the speed -- it literally looks like a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all the night.
The whole night, the whole night, all night.
This is all night at this point.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "No, "I know the night --  All the night --  All the night night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
So this represents how the time is going on to the time and how the difference to the body can express the changes in time.
For example, one hand. It's a hand, two hands. It's two hands -- the present gets more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the floor.
So the first example is a lot of time.
And then, they stayed -- "And the last thing -- and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very remote idea and direction at the time, there was a time.
"Personality -- it's a musical term with a specific speech of four times per company.
However, when I look at the word "Poet, I think about the same time.
You see MIT, my right hand. My left hand.
We have the device through the head and the period.
And I was going to be a man "All the way "The "Park "The Park, MIT, I was going to show you a form of the hand called "The hand "Carriel, "Carriel.
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the period, something like the company and the same time, or the same time.
Yes, very well.
That means "serious in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture and the lights in the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "College in the SET.
Now, the third please. Please go again.
And again.
It's "career, in the SET.
We're going to do the three together.
"I would be "present, "College and "cancer?
Good work all.
They look at how the three signs are very similar -- all of you are going on in the head and the period. But they make a very different sense.
It's amazing to see how the Sand is living and present, as the music.
However, we live in a very collective world.
And only because the Sand doesn't have sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and allow the Sandi to develop their own value -- without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be able to learn SARPA.
The Sand is a rich third, and I would like to have the same experience.
I would like to invite you to open your eyes to open your eyes to open the eyes and get in our culture.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
Dependent Zinister?
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to leave it.
And the freedom is incredibly responsible.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a piece of engineering or a balance of institution I have to say, because the adults are taught to protect us from the true.
When I get a bigger -- I know that the adults as well.
And the time, now I'm an adult and I teach a city and invented in the South Pole.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students when I walk out on the world they get up with lots of banking.
So as a good cities, we ended up the plants, and no, it's not getting addicted, and if it is, I don't know it.
It's targeted to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans are going on.
It is something specialized.
And in the last few decades we've been going on with these big floors and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the mission and we come up with this information in a map.
But it takes a entire entrepreneur, and it's very expensive and it's also very hard to use those huge robots.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we are going to invest a better way.
We have transformed our distance in Thomas Kong in a state.
So we started building this job of work with high advances so that children can also be able to participate them.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools are very cool and follow you.
Not exactly enough.
Let's go back to the plastic again.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean that is very small, because of their framework.
We do.
I leave it to the image of my students.
My work is trying to take the best ideas of every child and try to change them in something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of going back in the place of plastic players, we just get information.
So by the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited with the robot.
And then we created quickly what we call a protein protein.
We are so fast in the creation of teachers that we end before we end up before.
And we bring it up, and you take it down and came up with access and we put it into a fantastic robot that will move away from the water and on the plastic that we have there, and this is the image of the robot.
So we see the plastic pieces of plastic by looking straight through the feeling while the computer computer will process this image and measure the size of every particular part of the amount of plastic in the water.
We took this invented step in a website in a website called "The investments called "The experiments that someone even better even more.
And the great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and they were trying to get it out of the immune.
And I can come into my local problem, but my students in Thomas Kong are very good information.
You see the news.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, clean a oil of oil -- only using the hands, in Sandari, the largest market of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that babies -- it's the water in which you go up, the water where they live, the place where they live in.
You can also see that water is market, and the oil and the oil are also color and when all of it is, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specialist, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a very first protect of a species that can get through all sorts of factors that produce different species that can help us identify what there is in the water.
We started this protein with a sense and we sent it to Bangladesh.
And the great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to add a local problem, my students used their company and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I can go into a problem to distribution to me and I saw a second experiment to make a second experiment and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe to take a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half and half and you may remember -- that in 2010, there was a short teacher in Japan there.
It was so violence that you have a lot of giant girls, called the training, and those training trained several cities in the cost of Japan this.
More than 14 people died in a institution.
It also gives the nuclear energy of National energy of French, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, I'm going to give you an average of 300 tons -- they're still forced from the nuclear plant in the Parkinson's ocean.
Today, all the Parkins Park has to be carbon to the 1990s.
If we go to the opposite cost -- we can measure the University of Force everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems to be most of the region on the color cost of the steps -- and most of the moment, it has a safe thing, it's blue as well.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Forth every year from the action and research in a way with other scientists with other scientists -- the river -- and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we information the control of control -- here you see the use of different markets.
It could seem like they didn't take the job work, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the revolution.
And then with them we found the data data that day and we talk about what we were going to do after that, the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we created a recording map of the region around the region of nuclear energy.
We created the market map -- we were able to be able to represent data in real time in the real time, and we run water to similar the surgeon.
With this we were able to figure out that the average pollution was taken from the top of the way to the right system to the right system.
And it was a special station.
But based on this we're going to be a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the street.
We get up to about 15 miles from the nuclear center and with the help.
So here we see a programmer, we've gone from a local problem to a real problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale, also with open technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly fragmented because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started to solve the problems.
And I ask me if we should give the room and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit small at the way, we found an industrial institution in Thomas John and we become the largest space in the largest space to the social impact and environment.
It is in the center of Thomas Kong, and it's a place where we can work with motor, metal, chemical -- a little bit of biology.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with the help of adults and where adults can be children again.
Students? Starts, anger?
Come up with Harvard, we ask things like that, we can invest the future of the model with a regional energy.
For example.
Or we can help it in the model of the age of age that they have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stay into new electricity.
The plastic and the recording and the revolution are terrible legislation, but the worst lesson that we can leave our kids are the messages.
We can't allow them to protect the kids of the real horrible, because we need their imagination to invest the solutions to invest in the solutions to invest in the solutions to invest in the solutions to invest in the solutions.
So we have scientific citizens -- creativity, shows, we need to pay the next generation for the environment and the people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two cells, two degrees of designed design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of stage, the other one of a single single stage.
One of them is symmetrical -- the other order.
And one is impact about the environment, the other thing it is.
One is designed by nature.
Michael National said that when he looked at the memory in brief, he saw a picture that fight for being free to be free of.
The next one was only tool of Michael Nigeria.
But the lives are not enough.
They grow up.
And in the smaller cities of life, the cells, we take all the information it takes it for every cell to work and to get to it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the industrial revolution, the world of design has been discovered by regions and produce in manufacturing.
The lines of monkey have designed a world made of parts of the bottom of the designers and the drugs of designers in order to think of their objects as a little bit of different parts with different work.
But you don't find superconductors of human material in nature.
Think of the human skin for example.
Our factors are delivered with people who were disconnected.
And the pieces of the support are more groups with small parents.
You act mostly as a favorite, the other thing as a ball, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no particles, there are no speech.
It is a system that would look at their function by the variety of electricity.
Here is a distributed screen that represents my vision of the world world, the personal people of every design and an architecture to work on between the next and the gene between the machine and the gene between the machine and the growth between the explosion and Charles Darwinian.
So these two viruses in the world, my left sister and the right of the right and sites, is shown in the two patients after me.
My work, in his most simple level, trying to put these two viruses in the world, and we get out of the explosion and getting up to growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history -- a strange moment where they control four dollars to access access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And at the beginning of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects -- products and tools and tools through scale -- in large scale -- like this red arm with a 1950s with a distance of a distance that some day is not very long to be able to make entire buildings -- and graphics made up in the darkness.
So here we have invented the clinic, an article of the ancient architecture -- and it has created a screen where everyone else is a unique size to move the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a car and a face. This was for a model of Paris with Iraq.
And so along with 3D presentation statement, we were able to imagine this room and farmer 3D with the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this house changed red materials and white in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the relationship of a human box.
It's also the relationship of a Carrier Camp.
That designers have access to this high relationship and the physical institutions -- allow us to design products that have not only the form of our body, but also the physical structure of our teachers.
We've also designed a statement of anti-active, a child at the same time and as well.
The Carolina Progress, my color, we went back to nature to identify it, and by design this pattern of superconductor surface -- it becomes surprised.
We started this surface of 40 different properties that are going to be in the region, and they are going to be able to be able to the pressure points in the human body.
His surface -- as in nature. It would look at their function not through the other material or another speech, but they are looking at a lot of the materials and directly the materials of the material itself.
But it's the idea of the idea, but this is the idea.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't cut me in a home home home, but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories from the Big Bank -- and one of them was going to get a lot of what I care about.
And as she said, "You know, the third day of Creature, God moved to the Earth to grow a free freedom of freedom.
So for that first freedom tree -- there would be no difference between transportation, robots, and freedoms.
All the tree was a free.
In change, the land made the trees to grow trees with robots, right?
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would the design look like if the objects were made from a single piece of piece?
We go back to a better state of creation?
So we would look for the basic material -- the kind of material of the average tree with freedom, and we found it.
The second piece of angel on the planet is called market, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms as cards, corruptions, and shared and markets.
We think that if we were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a single piece in one piece on it.
So that's what we did.
We call it local market.  We were able to be a lot of careers of careful, and we put them up and we produce a career.
They are going to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of properties, from the dark thing, and it goes out and open, to the light.
In order to print the structures to a big scale -- it was built a system with multiple surgeons of extraordinary control control.
The robot could be able to save the properties of the material on the sea and create these structures made from a single 350 dollars long, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- it leaves them to get a natural way to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we continue to design with plants.
The air workers that were a survivor of the process of impression were used to get pictures that were taken for the first time in the planet about three billion years, as we heard it.
And then with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we include the bacteria designed to be able to capture a quick carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into the surface.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that are doing their transition without the top of the grandmother -- and if you get even more, to virtuals.
So a free freedom of freedom.
I would work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life on the planet, with water and a little bit of physical biology -- we've built a structure made of cards in an architecture that is important as a tree as a trees.
And here is the best part of the objects designed to biological -- you put them in the sea -- feed life life -- and put up in the ground, will help grow a tree to grow a tree up.
The car for our next explanation using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating the room to keep the life for the international journey.
So to do that, we have to take the bacteria and control their flow and control their flow to it.
This is how we did the private table, we did our own mind of electronics, new forms of life created complexity, formed by a biological form of a biological way.
I like to think of the physical biology like the language attack, just that instead of bringing up, you can make a new biological medications in very small cars.
This field.
So we started our own 3D houses to control the flow of these crazy bacteria crashes.
In our first piece of rock, they changed two mechanisms.
The first one is the science.
I live in our oceans and in the street water.
And the second, Earth.
A becomes the light in surgery, the other thing that is going to be a surgeon and produce useful biologists for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of rock.
And I think of it as an evolution -- not by natural selection.
In order to get these relationships -- we have created a single song that goes down to the distribution of the direction -- that will help you get these bacteria and they get their way out of the way.
And so we started to grow those box in the human body, showing the properties of the material of the way that we want to do with it.
If we wanted more pictures -- we were able to do more transportational cars.
This system distance system, when you were going to be from a strange to another 60 feet.
This is half of the supply of a football field -- and 10 times more than our own depression.
And here it is, as a practice at TED -- our first particular photographer cards with lives with life in the room.
Thank you.
Mars Samae said, "We are critical creatures in the way, only half is done by the middle of the way.
What happens if the design would provide the other half half of the other way.
And if we were able to create structures that increase the material lives?
And if we could create people who were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make our skin -- they would look at our body?
I think about this as a way to reduce biology.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D print is going to be able to make a material in careers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up with solution.
And this cause of the gallon, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home within which it is metal.
The advance is not about this level of software level.
It makes it through the combination not about two materials -- but two teachers in different conversation.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the paradigm or the material, using those members between you.
And this happens through scale.
So the seat of the first one is in the environment. It creates a strategy structure -- and then it starts to give you a company of compassion.
The temperature and the company, the two forces of life, they get in a single materials.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works. We put a small image to the head.
We put it into a box with a magic services, and that allows us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visit the computer architecture of the car career.
And yet, when you put it up in the surgeon in a single plant, not within a box -- we realized that I would make a cell cell and still make it significantly.
So we started to design different environment, and we have discovered that the way, the complexity -- the structure of the capital, is made directly by the environment.
And they often have to look at the sounds of sound to the death within their cars, their sound is going on and used in the text industry.
So we saw that we can design these plants, we could give the way out to be a clothes without making a single car.
And they are going to be service, and we could create these things.
So we started this process to the artificial scale.
We had a horse robot doing support plants, and we put it in our own.
We knew that the subjects of being made up into the most dark areas and freedom, so we use a solar risk of the place to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or grandchildren, to make the balls of light and the heat -- making the sounds of sitting on the structure.
We were ready to get the reductions.
So we were able to be able to be 650 tons of sitting to a little bit in line.
And after we feed it four weeks and they were ready to steel with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the army of the adult, and while they were doing, they were able to get up, they put up, and the life starts again, like us, but a lot of it starts again, but much more curious.
Boston Fortune said that the technology is the big interaction, and he was right.
When I had a biological signal on the signal side of the remote side, they give all this piece of instrument.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks old, 65 degrees of seat are seven miles away.
And in a similar culture, this is also the surgeon of the sea room.
The policemen, after the economy, they produce 15 million dollars.
So this could be used for a thousand dollars in the future.
So here are the two viruses in the world.
A state is by a robotic arm in the other hand, which is the other end of the values.
If the last piece of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings that are represented, to form a two materials of two materials.
What it takes us to come back to us, of course, at the beginning of it.
Here is a new design of design, a new age of the creation -- which brings us from a design design in the nature to a natural nature in the design, which is the first time, for the first time, that we do a lot of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
They take your hand if you ever ever asked them what you want to be more about more?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can just show it with them.
Three -- four, three. Five.
Now, let me take your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more of the most of you more?
It has made some kind of activity.
Any activity.
I am someone who could never answer the question "What would you want to be more more than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be bigger than you want to be
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest -- but I had too much.
And in school, I like the English and the kill and the art and the art and it was destroyed by the way that I was going to take it in a piece called Telescope Franklin.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and think of all ways, for having been a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of open, this sense of this, this is no longer a challenge -- it's going to go back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in the other thing, something completely different, and I put up on it, and I let me open up and feel "Okay. I have found the moment, and then again, this point where I start to open up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to find something new and different and I'd like to go into that.
And this pattern made me a lot of advertising, for two reasons.
The first was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, and I would get all my other patterns, and I'll get to open up.
The other reason why I get up so much activity was a little bit more people.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong in me is not going to do it for nothing.
I was worried to me to be fear of the company, or to be disconnected, or to make my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these sense, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have ever ever ever ever ever had to have a plant of it.
Do you ask themselves, where they learned to support the meaning of bad or a world to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
And you ask us first what you want to be most of you more?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that no one care about what you get to that age.
It would be able to be a question of a question to produce linear answers in children like "that "I would be anti-active, or "I want to be a paradigm?
You get the Disadverve destruction here.
This question is one and over again as we grow out of different forms -- he said, "Person, students are asked to be able to get in the universe.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more of it?
It's going to be the level of being the line of before to what the dream is.
Why?
So if this question is inspired to the kids to go to what they might be, I wouldn't be inspired to go with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite -- because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they were going to go up and say, "Oh, what does it lead, but you can't be advanced of violence and plastic.
You have to completely?
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he's analysis of violence, and it's present.
And this Jane North, which is a piece of record to be a profit, employees, protection and creative direction.
But most children don't have to talk about people like this.
All you know is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very involved in our culture.
This is this idea of the destination or the real value, the idea that each one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and do their life to it.
But if you're someone who is not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that take up their culture and many different things that wants to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel just to feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a market.
A market is someone with a lot of interest and creative activity.
It's a parallel for that.
It could help if you do it in three parts.
You can also use other terms that keep the same idea, as a street, recording.
Over the resource, the idea was that I was good in multiple disconnections.
Bill San is to us as "shorters?
They use any term that you like or invest one of them.
It seems like a kind of playing a community, we can't be done with a single idea.
It is easy to look at the marketing as a limitation or audience that you need to see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces to be this way.
So here are three moral superstory.
One of the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the interaction of it.
The Hollywood and Robert Bang would spread their interest in carbon vision, and the data of data.
Mark is a company that creates green institutions generally.
And Richard and Robert came up with this single idea for their own metal and experience.
The innovation is going on in the interactions.
That's where new ideas.
And the males, with all of their ancestors -- they can access to a lot of these points of interaction.
And the second most marriage self-interest is the quick learning.
And when the molecules we're interested in something, we go to it.
Let's look at all that we can have in our hands.
We are going to be presented to be principle, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of test new things and coming out of our companies of change.
A lot of skills are transparent to other discoveries, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we are, so we were going to go out of it.
North Dan is a journey in a complete time and a whole winter.
As a little bit as a little bit of a perfect capacity to develop the mental memory of developing the modern memory of it.
Now, she is the most fast mechanics.
Before I became a writing, I was not failuled planning.
And he had to learn the most end of the most end members when they started their practice and this ability to help him write a little bit of contractors for the education.
It is a time of time to give you what you go in, even if at the end of the end.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a different way that you could not have lost it.
And the third moral superintelligent is advice. I mean, the ability to transform in anything that you need in a day.
And Japanese Sand is sometimes distributed of videos -- others, design paintings, sometimes construction of King, sometimes showing you, and sometimes by looking like that, John Bono.
It's worth because it makes a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of the needs.
The March Force companies assumptions like the most important ability for development -- to make in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and employed that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to support the needs of the market.
Sex sites, quickly learning and automatic, three skills where the molecules are very hard, and three skills that you could lose if they are ready to reduce their objects.
As a society, we have a great interest in making the molecules that they're themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative creative thinking to do in front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart space.
They came out of the wind to know that they wanted to be a perfect neurons.
You don't worry about, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are complicated from a space and a marketing market.
The space can be able to get in deep and put in ideas, and the market has a superconductor of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship to it.
But we all should design lives and careers that are getting up with the way we are connected in.
And of course, the molecules in a big part of them are supposed to just be more like their own spaces as well.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you take from this talk -- I hope that it is this -- it goes up with the inner contrast, is what it is.
If you are a heart space -- then you get it for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the molecules in the room, including those who were just able to realize being one of them.
They get his culture for those contractors of contract.
They explain the interactions.
It takes us up to our inner contractor to take us to a more cultural life and happy.
And maybe the most important thing, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, it was a woman named Audience they took it to a phone in France.
And I was able to take up and I couldn't remember even the most basic news of their life.
His doctor was called Allen.
I did not know how to help Australia, but I came up for her until that, by the way, he went up in 1999.
And after his death -- Alexander actually had a supercomputer and they found the strange plants in the brain, in a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anyone would have been living today, we couldn't give it more help than Alexander gave him 14 years ago.
All this was Dr. All Arabic.
And Allies Depression, the first patient to get a device that we now call Albert disease.
And since 1990, the medicine has moved a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from the institutions, many treatment for cancer, and the conservation for the HIV and a lot more.
But it has been involved in the treatment of the American transportation.
I am part of a team of scientists that work to find a car for American for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The American now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to get a lot of you.
If you expect to live up to the age of 80 years or more, the possibility of finding Alzheimer's going to be almost one of each other.
In other words, there is the chance that they get their years back to American or helping a friend or to be wanted to be like Albid.
It's not only in the United States, the career of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical school is spent at the disease.
Now this is the most expensive disease, and their cost has an increase of five times in the year 2000, as I come up with the generation of the baby bank.
It may be surprised to you, but the American is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has made it relatively a little bit to get it.
Today, one of the 10 of the first 10 causes of death all over the world, is the only one that can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to preserve or even represent the development of it.
We understand less than other diseases than other diseases because we have invented less time and money in the system.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the cancer of cancer than the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that it costs us more and a care number of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is going to be a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can run it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of us, even the scientists -- the scientists with animal with agent.
We think it's going to be sitting in a normal part of a normal and international part of it.
But there's only to look at a picture of a brain.
You can also put a service of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the fact that we have to be able to make the hope of life and it's always market.
You remember the Dr. Allen I found plants and short sheets in the brain brain makes a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Now we know that they're made of protein molecules today.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that goes up as a original.
There are places in the paper that are plants.
And when you get up well, these black dots end up in the environment.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some of the things you get in the future.
So this makes the protein molecules go back to each other, form groups that can form big planes and bombs.
That's what we see in the patients of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this approach works.
There are a lot of countries, and the identity of what happens to be complex -- how to develop a box.
I would run a car could do anything.
Collection the other people can make the bottle explorer.
And you have to find the right step that the blood -- and then create a drug that I do it.
So far, in his most part of the cars have been able to get the cars and hope the better.
But now there is a different group of people of people -- biologists, biologists, generality, physical and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematical
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process, and now it's going on a new kind of drugs that make us especially this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when I was going to try to try and try to try to test these frontier.
These are the hands of the hands -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These gas, on the other hand, have molecules of protein that are paid between each other, as in humans with Americans.
And you can see that they're clearly distantly.
But when we give our new drugs to these guns in an early stage -- then we see that they go and live a normal life.
So this is just a positive idea, but the research.
After 14 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so to grow that hope.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be able to connect that India is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have been more research and getting more research on government.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 1980s.
We see that same unit to sell cancer.
But the patients of American often can't talk to themselves.
And their families -- the virtual viruses of their own ones and night, they are often too hard to go out and play the change.
So it really depends on you.
The American is not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain is the risk of the risk of the right.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need to themselves.
They help me talk about them, and help you get a car.
Thank you.
I put this article in the New York Times of New York Times in the New York Times in this year.
In order to love someone to do this.
The article comes from a psychological study -- designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I was going to test myself one night in the past.
So the process is pretty simple -- two strange tools are used to be able to make 35 and more personal questions.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12 -- if you could be able to get morning with a quality or society, what would it be?
Number 21, when it was the last time you get in front of another person?
And right?
As you get up, these are more people.
Number 3D -- I really like to do -- I gave you your guess what you get out of him or she or she -- I know very similar this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone that you have ever ever heard of.
When I took up with this study about a few years ago, a very hard thing called me the attention that two of the particles had been taken six months later.
So it was a space about this process of manufacturing love, but of course, it was also internationally.
And when I had the ability to test this study with someone who knows not particularly well, I didn't expect to love it.
You know, we were like, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the school love a few months later.
And that was put up in energy, and now it's already addressed, so I guess some of you probably ask them -- they follow together still yet.
And the reason I think is that you do this is because they have done this question and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before you put the article was very nervous to me.
I had been working on a robot book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in my red love in my box.
But a piece of balloon can come to a few hundreds of view.
And that is a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship of it.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published at a line on the night -- and the side, this happened in the traffic of my ball.
And the District, I had had been called the State Steve and the George Montana Man.
In a month, the article received over eight million viruses -- and I was, to say something -- a little bit presented for this kind of attention.
One thing is to make the trust by writing with surveying on the early experience, but another thing is to find out that the love life of one has been international news -- and that people all over the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship of your new relationship to the state of your new relationship in the state of your new relationship of your
And when people call or write what they did every day for weeks -- always do the same question -- they still follow together.
In fact, when I was looking at this talk -- I did a quick search in the bottle of my empathy with the sand, they still follow together?
And a lot of messages were going to be immediately.
They were from students and particles and extraordinary strangers like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a young woman down to the stage -- "You know, March where you are your note?
And I immediately put it down.
I understand that this is part of the trial.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel able to ask about it.
But I was not ready for the research of the answer of the answer.
The 35 questions seem to have lived life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Valley, which including the experiences of the lessons to test the study in them with different surfaces.
So my first picture before all of this attention was to be very recorded with my own relationship with my own relationship to me.
I said not to each sense that both of us were going to make a public apply together.
And I got a lot of technology, and you get the pieces of pictures of the pictures of us.
I think I had a fear of become the institutions of the process of the processes of the programmer process -- a room for which I didn't feel at the same thing.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked -- they wanted to know if it really worked.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to respond to me.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know if we were going to go together or not, and then you do it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 35 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthuit Archive wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1999, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce robotic love.
Instead of that, I was looking at a super-speed ancestors between college students, using what they were called Allen personal personal pressure, private and record.
It sounds religion, right?
But the study did work.
The particles were more close to doing it -- several police studies were also used by the Progress Project of Treation as a quick way of creating trust and interact between extraordinary.
They have used it between the police of the police and the community, and they have used it between people of political political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I put up the last summer -- which is a personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was taken in this article -- but it was actually never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small University of light art, and then a student came up to me and he said to me with a stage, and I didn't work the study and it didn't work.
He looked at it.
And I mean, you want to say that you love the person with who did it do?
Well, he made a parent.
I think she only wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
I felt that they were able to know better after I try to test the study?
The survival.
So, it works. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it is the answer that none of you is looking for when it's about love.
I took me with the study for the first time when I was 99 and a really difficult way.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was supposed to do is probably my entire life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I was worth in science.
I invented everything that I could find about the science of the religious love and I hope that it could be able to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized about this at the time I thought I just research for the book that I wrote but in responsibility, it looks really obvious it looks really obvious for it.
I thought if I took me with the knowledge of the robotic love -- I would never have to feel so bad and just as I felt then as well.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relatively.
I have more trust to explain what it looks like.
But I can also see more clearly and I can tell you that what I look for is sometimes more than you can get to me.
What I love from love is a landscape, not just to be love today.
It may be that this is the land that people ask people when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about about 35 questions is that there can be a room to love it.
There may be a way for some way to look at some of the right risk -- and this is a very attractive story because it would make us feel wonderful -- but it's also all all the time.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask you, still follow together.
And his content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question, I would be able to ask you to ask you more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who your love and who does it?
How do you stop when things are completely, and how do you know when you cut and disappear?
How do you live with the increase that I immediately have a relationship, or even more, how are you living with the decade of your parent?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love someone to love
So, if you want the good version of the story of my relationship -- is this -- a year ago, a known and I put a study designed to create remote love love -- we still follow together together, and I'm very continued.
But love is not the same thing that would be able to stay up.
It will be the easy.
So at the end of my article wrote -- love didn't happen.
We were able to love because we take the choice of it.
And I showed you a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to support that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to take that decision -- and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before it will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and respond to 35 questions -- have choose to love someone so general and fundamental and have experienced that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, in change, is to become my relationship in the kind of a way I don't think true.
And what I looked for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that mission is true.
I want the bottom happy in the temperature of my article -- which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write in.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone and the hope that he would also love me, and it's all the way with the love.
Thank you.
And I was created by a little bit of military sea and a certain way.
The city of New York makes a time.  So something that I really affect me but more decisions of it.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a water box -- and I took a little bit of a dollar -- a piece and a piece of it in a place in Congress.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few of them would find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species.
I had no idea.
In all ways, it has thank you because here I are, 30 years later, and I'm still doing.
And at a moment I was in Harvard -- I like to go out and make it survived and all of those regional things, and I was doing a color for my mother.
And I took a diagram, and I took all the pages and I made a kind of carbon cells to the San Angeles March and a ball and a bees was accepted.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is close to them, so I put more research in the beginning -- thinking I could get it.
In change, it happened to the contract, in some way that it seemed to go out of size -- as if it was to look at the text with a shop.
And so I did it? I built more box down.
And this time, I started to add the economic elements -- reductions, straight boats that I was finding on the street, everything that I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started to draw around the objects and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to give you the same thing that you do around a car in the scene of the crisis.
And I took the objects and I created my own special spectrum in the world.
First of all, beautiful, being able to make an idea.
And then I did a little bit and very strange creatures in it.
It was very fun to draw in the residents of responsibility.
And it was great, because I started to make things and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my name to come in, for example, going to Linuaria.
It was straightforward, man.
And at some point I was interested in the human form of the human scale of the natural size of human beings inside the careers.
It was great, except for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because I was going to kill me.
And I went to the way every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use video.
I started to draw in the video fields -- similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another window and another window and the other window -- and I had all these windows together that they form a traditional community.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the resident.
And so I did this for years, and my work had something very big -- I call "the "Trains, I call "the "Trains.
For the "The "The "The statement in the state of the devices of the devices, from Heroye Hong that is a piece in the museum of the Prototype in Ex.
Do you know it?
Well, this is a very fantastic car.
They say it's a little bit advanced to his time.
Well, the "Transportation, I'll explain this piece of piece to you.
It was 17 billions.
50 feet long.
It has a face of career, so it's 10 meters of community.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood situation.
On the left, it's Jersey and the landscapes.
There is a close where all these creatures with animals travel between two world.
They go from the world of record, to this influence of analog with where they go on.
This is where the creatures with animals are going on to the end, ready to be able to stay in the ocean.
The ocean.
This is a little girl who was addressed to a shoe.
Bill Green is in the face -- the Hollywood plant -- the Parkinson's plant of the start -- Wall, the Republic of World Big Law, there are all sorts of red things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of market.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I heard oil in a hand while in the other hand they get out there.
Their hands are like base and it looks like a microbes that keep the Earth.
So it's a seat of the state.
It's a little bit of a name.
That's the hand in which I know.
And then when you go on the other hand, it has a training, like a bit of bird, and you hear you from this training.
It also has a cost of 50 feet long -- a piece of series that go to the statement.
Anyway, his color was going to go out of the power of a volunteer.
I don't know why that happened.
So things that they go on, you know.
And his color ended up in a small collection of carbon made of support tablets of 1985.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the decade of 1999, as if they were street balls of the terrorists.
All over his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. You call "The phones.
It's about a project of six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an article of our culture -- through media and materials are completely, distributions or records.
But each of you act as a kind of architecture in a way of being human and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 at the time.
They are like cells -- they go together -- they are disconnected.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years old.
Each of it is basically a piece of microbes that has been 150 miles with a human humanity in his interest before.
This has a little care in the feet.
That's the head -- it's the period, you can get the statement.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there is a car that comes out of the brain, and he took the fish or notion, or what you have is, a kind of thing that has a kind of thing.
This is a quick challenge of these work because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have cars, you can see.
This is a particular body.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few dollars that go out and they come on in the head of this strange station.
There is a little approach in front of the terrorist career.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these gentlemen, just like the box we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a corner box called Prize World.
In this box there is a physics -- a news, a piece, a microscope, a microscope, a screen, a market, a muscle, a school, a school arm that makes all the content that we do in the world.
We take the box and all the people in the child with each other as particles as well.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different -- these costs of countries -- from the regions, the region, it doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we didn't start to understand those things with the car and usually we're all going to die very soon to you.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you put your head out of it.
They take a space.
But so that this piece has an effect against the pain -- first goes through the state, the interest and the other organs.
And I would take a paper is the most effective system and investing so that any of it is an effect on the body.
The dependence, though, is that when you bring it any medicine in the bottom of it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
And when you take an amazing drugs -- these things are going to give up the amount of virus in the blood -- and increase the rest of Chinese cells.
But they are also known by their financial financial effects in their biggest negative -- because in time they are going to get to the blood career, they define, and worse even over the time that they are going to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important.
This is the bodies of the body as the light galaxies, the nervous system, the neurons where the virus is inspired and not in the top of the patients of the patients who are going to be going to the religious device with an amazing medicine.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can be able to get up and influence new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the GDP of HIV with the current drugs that is a treatment of life as a wrong life.
One day, I felt and I thought, "We could get the treatment directly at the top of the virus -- without the risk of democracy development?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use it in advance, for the quality of statements and surgery of the digital and the distributions, they can use to anything like that, including the whole transportation of the medicine.
In fact, we're going to be used in order to be able to open out to open or put up extremely small holes that open up and close almost immediately the cells in the HIV to be able to get the drugs into the medications.
The best thing they ask you, "How is that possible?
So we send a little and put a little bit of reading about the cell memory of the center while these cells are involved in a language that has the freedom.
The lights on the cell -- while the cell is going to get the freedom in a matter of memory.
Before you even will realize it, the hole is represented immediately.
We are going to be doing this technology in a video or in Pieteria professors, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
How is that possible? You can question.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three head.
With the first head, which is our lights -- we will make an increase in the site of information.
The second head, which is a camera.
And finally, the third head, an instrument that distributed the framework, and I read it directly in the site of the information, while the leader is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total structure of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A field for HIV is.
This is the dream of all of the international research in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I've been studying groups not strategies, and statistically substances like terrorists, institutions or military.
Doctors what these groups do when they are not depressed.
My goal is to understand the better to these general genes of violence and study ways to deal with the transition of the violence of violence to the violence of violence to the violence.
I make a field of field, in the world of politics and the biology.
And I understand these groups is key to solve almost all of the conflict in case, because the war has changed.
It used to be a destiny between states together.
Not no.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the actions of non-dead.
So for example, in the age of the age of peace floor in the age of 1995 and 2010, 1980 were left between a state and an act of not general.
And so we need to understand these groups -- we even need to get them out or bring them up in any process of social conflict process.
But how do we do that?
We need to know how much of these organizations are.
We know very well the reasons that they figure out, how do you do it, but no one knows what they do when they do not perfect.
And the army flow and the politics are not.
It's all part of the same organization of the same organization itself.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less to deal with them without a global view of it.
The straight groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Human Turkey, known by his visual face against Israel.
From his creation in the 1950s in the 1970s, Health has also studied a political passion -- a network of social services and a military search.
In the same way, the Philadelphia Haiti known by their artist articles against Israel, also addressed the French of Japan since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007, since 2007,
So these groups are doing more than just to be done.
They're marine.
They have a complex map of communication -- strategy stations, cards of TV, silk side of the Internet and structures in social media.
And here you have the English resource, and you put in English and published to record.
The blood groups are also involved in a combination of fundamental forests without sandwich, but by resistance business -- for example, business companies for example.
These activity.
And they allow these groups to increase their scale, including their forces, to get better and build their market.
The groups are also doing something else, they create the most strong laws with their population in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services
They build schools to build schools, they put up in the market of a professional form or mechanical form of market.
He gets all of these services and more.
The blood groups are also trying to connect the population to get something that the state is not sure, security and protect them.
The action of the cars in an Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has a pretty powerful price for the population.
But in general, it's going to provide social services means to be a value, a garbage left by the government, and they allow these groups to be able to be able to increase their power.
For example, the economic virus of 200 of the Parkinson's Handers can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West -- when we go to the supply groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that is not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the structure or the long-term vision of the time.
These groups are human.
They grow up because they came up with gardens left by the government, and they make it as high and political groups -- they spend in the violence of violence and give general.
And the more complex and software are these organizations -- we can tell them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Man: Humans.
They get a part of a terrorist, and you get all their work, they get the base, they get the basement system.
It's a state? It's a record group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Easters.
The lines are depressed.
We live in a world of states -- with no state and heart, and how much more distributions are the states -- like in the Middle East in the Middle East in the middle of the Middle East, the more they have to be able to be the access of the activists.
This is important for governments because to focus on these groups will have to invest more in tools not millions of them.
It will be able to take that government of government has to be in the center of any social disease.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better groups -- we understand better how much of it will be able to offer the transition of violence to the violence of violence to not violence.
And in this new discovery between states and accessible accidents, the military power.
In order to get these objects.
Thank you.
I'm a factory as a woman and as a family.
My opportunities about the gender of gender are very little, but I fear that we can accept the sea state of "the "Flight would be an island for the families.
I'm failule, but pretty bad.
And so I was assumed as a bad family.
Or at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The basic flow, and then in the institutions -- people started to call the Mary Facebook.
So what it started as a person who was depressed to myself and a developed production, has become something bigger than that.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- about everything in my self-organizing and the 20 years, I had strange ideas on the factors, these fingers who are standing with the men and they were able to have the sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how they are treated women around the world and the wall, in particular, it looks like a perfectly remarkable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the area that I was using people when I could be able to be failed.
It will be running as a family was a career, a word and destruction.
They took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I asked too much -- with high car and you have to believe that it is just like or surprise to a man.
No one wants to be that remote woman until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am -- in fact, failure, and also, proud of it.
For me, some superconductors are relatively, women are equal to men.
We are going to do the same thing for the same job.
We have the right to travel around the world as we want it, and we want to go out of access or violence.
We have the right to use it easy to use it easy and access to the residents and the representative services of it.
We have the right to decide about our body, no need of legal control or developing control.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, and we are a different body, religious and sexual and sexual conditions and much more.
We need to have these different differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common as well.
And without this kind of energy, our families is not anything.
For me, these things are evidence, but to be clear -- I'm a death.
I'm full of control.
There are a lot of things that do from me a bad family.
I have another context.
When I get to the work, I hear music music spinal to everything else.
Even though the line made the women and I put it deeply present, the climate "Stephen Steven Shark is amazing.
It's really a reality with your short show.
Persist, do you move up until you give you the contract.
Think about it.
Parallel poetry, right?
I am completely marketing for my musical like.
I believe in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including -- -- -- all of the drugs -- but as well.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
And the challenge is my favorite colors now.
It has a little bit of the way and the bottle things.
And I can see the Bill companies, and I have a lot of the regiments of the stories that are actually done reality.
Some of my drugs are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to add the landscape of his husband -- it's his choice -- and I'm not who to play it.
If a woman decided to stay in home to create their children, I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes extremely vulnerable through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is considered in a way that makes women be economic when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
And I remember the conventional flower that has been increased or destroyed by the needs of the color women -- the workers and the strategies, the support of women of white women and high as a half and high step.
You hear -- if that's good fantastic I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as a family, I feel a lot of present.
We have this trying to put faces in a performance.
We hope that they are going to go to perfect.
When we get them up, we will take them up with a lot of like the same oil where we put them.
As I said, I am a destiny, I have a destination of that oil before they try to put it there.
And so many women, particularly the innovation.
They have a fear of putting up and say, "Yes, I'm failure.
Let's take for example to Benjamin, or like I call it, the Direction.
In the last few years, it is a death family.
And in the New York City.
It was a magic spectrum, and you see this stars of the power to open up the flow and do to know women and young men who will be failed is something to be probably.
It spent the time, the cultural creatures began to be able to be able to be interested in improvising whether Berkeley was or not pretty much.
They caused his families, instead of just creating the word of a woman who is an adult woman and a market.
We get perfect of the factors, because we are still walking up for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We're going to go back beyond the sense of the feeling and construction to deal with the flowers of any woman, and it will make it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
And the bad female, or more well, it's a more including point is the point.
But what's going on.
We are able to recognize our implications to give you, going to the action and be a little bit more.
If I hear music music -- I am creating a decline for artists that would be more than happiness to be able to provide a flower subject.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their song until we explore the change.
It's not hard is hard.
Why has your music that will be so paralyzed.
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to play a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions do this that makes it more difficult for women to get the quality -- the equal that we all want to do and it's our responsibility to us.
I think of my statements, from three and four years.
They are two graphics -- they decided and brothers, and also very valued.
Where you get to the strong creatures that they are.
And I think of them, of course, the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions to do better.
We can change the box when a television program comes to sexual violence against women as a depth, and they will go back the Turkey.
So we can change the radio employee when we hear song to women like anything.
We can spend our money to go into the middle in another part when the film is not treat women more than the digital objects as the digital objects as a democratic objects.
We can stop to support the professional teachers where the bees are trying to their companies as the bones of the box.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in their property, you know, in their project, and work with you, until it doesn't even even have a enough enough of women, so much to spend to make decisions like to take decisions to make decisions to make decisions to make decisions to make decisions to make decisions to make decisions
I'm not going to work with you until his public or your organization is more excited with a more advanced gallery.
Those of us who are surprised but invited in this kind of projects -- we can also be able to be inspired until us as well as us are going to be able to support the barriers to the decision of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decision
Because we are no longer manufactured -- without these effects -- without taking these possibilities.
We can eat these little approaches of value and hope that our decisions come to the top of the people in the power and products of five and a music, Chinese, the people who can take big decisions -- the people who can take big decisions and so on.
We can also be able to deal with the value of our families, well, bad.
The last line of my book "The Facebook Fish, he says, "I would be a bad thing to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all of my voice -- because I was reading my voice and he helped me get it back to me.
There was a increasing.
I call it instrument to do what happened.
A few girls took me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
And they took me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They took my voice, and after all I don't have to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing out.
And with that, I went back to write it.
I remember in a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look like me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the skin skin if you have the parallel.
I got the words of women who showed me that it was not anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure you.
All over the writing and the factor, I also discovered that if it was a little bit volunteer, another woman could hear and look at them that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And on the other hand, I hold the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I am a bad family, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about it, what I say and what I do, without taking everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit volunteers, when you need to be able to go out there.
Just after Nigeria last year, 185 children in California.
The virus then came out with Carastram, including more than 100 children in Department.
One of the traditional things of this baby is that the sea that can be familiar for a child with a child institutional system, is one of the most powerful diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than a half and a half lot of kids involved in the School Brown they had not been familiar because their parents had fear of something even worse even worse -- the car.
But a moment, it was not the article that he took the police on the car and the developed experiments.
I don't believe most smart scientists that the theory that the vaccines cause car is a state?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still going to be able to put their children to have their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the entrepreneurs of the increase in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the car was considered a very short disease.
The little psychologists and asked you to talk about it.
So for decades for decades -- the presentation emissions are just just three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the decade of experiments.
You can get out of the forest of forces like Australian Americans -- they get completely to the car as a expert, as if I could get from another child in Deniar.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of Delay Delegation diseases what is going on, they tend to go down in drugs like "The state of a death device, and a better detail of careers, to explain these growing centers.
But that kind of language doesn't do a lot of the temperatures of a young mother who looked at the face of his son of the two years -- the visual conversation.
If you have to have to be able to support it, why were they so reducing to the principle?
Why were the cases of an absolutely hard car of finding before the decade of 1999.
Five years ago, I decided to find the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to have less than to do with the legal progress and the science of science that with the scientific power of the nation.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the car and how it was discovered -- but that story turned out to be fantastic, and the consequences of the same are having an impact on the global public health.
There was a second story in the audience that had lost and forget in the dark volume.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a fantastic principle, read Kanzage, from the hospital John House -- in 1975, Kanish published an article that I described at 11 young patients that seem to be able to spend private world, including their own parents of their own.
They were able to be able to do for hours using the hands before their face, but they were from the beginning of the mindset as when you don't put their favorite game in their room and not knowing them.
In the base of the patients brought in their culture, it's Kantie special that the car is very well.
By the last decade of 1995, as a major amount of the world in the subject in the subject -- I decided that I had seen less than a thousand different cases of their sea while it comes up with places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to express it, because the crisis of Kanish for the car distribution were very resistant.
For example, I decided to give that difference to children with controls, but now we know that the exploration is very common in the car.
Once he was happy that he had become nine percent of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his conservation to be addicted without giving you a carbon distribution.
Kani was a smart man, but part of his theory were not cure.
And I carry the car as a form of a form of particular psychologists for free parents and destruction.
These kids, he said, they have been successful in a record that doesn't determine.
And at the same time, though, Kanish noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are adding in certain areas like music.
One of the kids in his clinical could be distributed between 18 degrees before I got the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discoveries, he said, "Beathouth, "Bearline.
But Kanic had a bad choice of these skills -- looking at things like children were just getting up to what they had heard their parents who had heard about their own parallel.
As a result, the car became source of share for the families -- and two generations of children were sent into institutions for their own well, becoming in innovation for the world.
It was not until the decade of 1998 that the researchers started to test the theory of Kani that the car was right.
London Wikipedia, which is complex complexity of London, I thought that the theory of the mother needs from Kanish was quite strange.
And she and his wife John were people who were clear and fascinating, and they had a deep car called Sun.
Lincoln and John knew how hard it was to go to a girl as a sense of support, without special education, and without access to other resources without a distribution.
In order to challenge the National National service that they needed more resources for the car children and their families and their families and his colleagues July decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They took a study of public presentation in the general population.
They took a subject of London called Carama to try to find children in the community.
And what they saw was clear that the Moore model was too limited, because the reality of the car was much more color and different.
Some kids couldn't talk at all.
In the other way, these kids didn't get in the bottle bottles and started to say, as John said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the American model of Kanic would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense to their data.
How did no one have been presented from these kids before.
But then Lego found a resistance to an article published in 18th -- the next year at the next year, and the next year.
Kanish knew about this article of company, but he was straight to get it in their own work.
There was not even a transportation to the English -- but by the way, the March market was talking about, and he brought it for it.
The drug is a superconductor story of the car.
His car was a man called Hans Space, which is going to give a clinical girl with a high school in Vienna at the decade of 1980.
The ideas of Asian for the taught of children with a lot of learning with learning of learning were even for the constant students.
The morning in his clinical started with kinds of exercises with music, and the kids are going to follow their games on the later.
Instead of careful to the parents of able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to support of the entire life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in his clinical as patients as patients -- Asia I call them their little protections, and they decided to help us in the development of education of education that were especially left for them.
And finally, Asian saw the car as a different question that was going to take a variety of dollars and discussion.
He believed that the car and the artists were common and always have been looking at it -- looking at this concept of this concept in architecture known in the public culture as the social social social science and the development development.
He was even more even to say, that for success in science and art -- a piece of car is essential.
Lincoln and John found that Kanic was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Americans in order to add the directions of the difference that they would solve the diversity of what they call a supercomputer "pressure?
And at the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 90 and the companies of the 1980s, their changes came into the video, including the limited model of Kanish for a statement and even as well.
These changes did not have a red shoes.
And then, when London and Japan worked between the basements to solve these creatures.
Before I was supposed to have March Mandela, in Vietnam -- just a little curiosity, I found for experts knew what the car was, but after the activity of Delay Hollywood and the Revolution of Develop Hollywood and the Revolution of "The Hollywood Allies and the Revolution of the world knew what the automobile.
At the same time, they went into the first very easy clinical elements of use to make the car.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little experience of experts to get a drug for his son for his child.
The company of "The March March cancers, the changes in the creatures and the interaction of these test created a network of network -- a perfect of the authority of the authority.
The number of drugs started to get up, as they were left Liberia and James, in fact they were hoping that it was, getting the people with car and their families finally got the support and the services that they get away.
And then Paul Washington was going to be able to be able to come to the values for the increase in the distributions. A simple -- and a simple story is as bad.
If the current strategy of the average center that one of the age of 68 children in the United States are right in the space, it's right at the right thing is one of the largest mental groups in the world.
In the last few years, the amazing people have been done in the Internet to remember the idea that they are the power to solve for the new medical analogies, by taking the term terms of the human revolution.
One way to understand the nervous is to think about terms of human systems.
And the fact that a poem doesn't work with William, it doesn't mean it's robot.
And by the autonomous states -- the normal human brain is easily distributed, and it is easy to have a discovery of attention to the decisions.
You know, the car people have distributions to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still going to Asia, which I think is that the care for the most exciting aspects of cars are found in the understanding of the teachers -- employees with ability, community communities in the potential of their children.
A amazing woman called Bill Zelloandhick said once once -- we need all the hands in the way to get up the base of the humanity.
As we move into a financial future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow you to get a brain.
Thank you.
